aardvarks	n	aardvark _s
abacuses	n	abacus _s
abalones	n	abalone _s
abandoned	v	abandon _ed
abandoning	v	abandon _ing
abandonment	n	abandon _ment
abandonment	v	abandon _ment
abandons	n	abandon _s
abandons	v	abandon _es
abased	v	abase _ed
abasement	a	abase _ment
abasement	n	abase _ment
abases	v	abase _es
abashed	v	abash _ed
abated	v	abate _ed
abatement	a	abate _ment
abatement	n	abate _ment
abates	v	abate _es
abattoirs	n	abattoir _s
abbes	n	abbe _s
abbesses	n	abbess _s
abbeys	n	abbey _s
abbots	n	abbot _s
abbreviated	v	abbreviate _ed
abbreviates	v	abbreviate _es
abbreviation	n	abbreviate _ion
abbreviations	n	abbreviate _ion _s
abdicated	v	abdicate _ed
abdicates	v	abdicate _es
abdications	n	abdication _s
abdomens	n	abdomen _s
abdominal	a	abdomen _al
abdominal	n	abdomen _al
abdominal	v	abdomen _al
abducted	v	abduct _ed
abducting	v	abduct _ing
abductions	n	abduction _s
abductors	n	abductor _s
abducts	v	abduct _es
aberrations	n	aberration _s
abets	v	abet _es
abetted	v	abet _ed
abetting	v	abet _ing
abettors	n	abettor _s
abhorred	v	abhor _ed
abhorring	v	abhor _ing
abhors	v	abhor _es
abides	v	abide _es
ability	n	able _ity
abjectly	r	abject _ly
abjured	v	abjure _ed
abjures	v	abjure _es
ablated	v	ablate _ed
ablations	n	ablation _s
ablest	a	able _st
ablutions	n	ablution _s
ably	r	able _ly
abnegated	v	abnegate _ed
abnormality	n	abnormal _ity
abnormally	r	ab_ normal _ly
abodes	n	abode _s
abolished	v	abolish _ed
abolishes	v	abolish _es
abolishing	v	abolish _ing
abolitionist	a	abolish _ion _ist
abolitionist	n	abolish _ion _ist
abolitionist	v	abolish _ion _ist
abolitionists	n	abolish _ion _ist _s
abominably	r	abominable _ly
abominated	v	abominate _ed
abominations	n	abomination _s
aboriginal	a	aborigine _al
aboriginal	n	aborigine _al
aboriginal	v	aborigine _al
aboriginals	n	aborigine _al _s
aborigines	n	aborigine _s
aborted	v	abort _ed
aborting	v	abort _ing
abortionist	n	abort _ion _ist
abortionist	v	abort _ion _ist
abortionists	n	abort _ion _ist _s
abortions	n	abortion _s
aborts	n	abort _s
aborts	v	abort _es
abounded	v	abound _ed
abounding	v	abound _ing
abounds	v	abound _es
abraded	v	abrade _ed
abrasion	n	abrade _ion
abrasions	n	abrade _ion _s
abrasively	a	abrasive _ly
abrasively	r	abrasive _ly
abrasives	n	abrasive _s
abridged	v	abridge _ed
abridgements	n	abridgement _s
abridges	v	abridge _es
abrogated	v	abrogate _ed
abrogates	v	abrogate _es
abrogations	n	abrogation _s
abruptly	r	abrupt _ly
abruptness	n	abrupt _ness
abs	n	ab _s
abscesses	n	abscess _s
absconded	v	abscond _ed
absconders	n	absconder _s
absconding	v	abscond _ing
absconds	v	abscond _es
abseiled	v	abseil _ed
abseiling	v	abseil _ing
abseils	n	abseil _s
abseils	v	abseil _es
absences	n	absence _s
absented	v	absent _ed
absentees	n	absentee _s
absenting	v	absent _ing
absently	r	ab_ sent _ly
absents	v	absent _es
absolutely	a	ab_ solute _ly
absolutely	r	ab_ solute _ly
absoluteness	n	absolute _ness
absolutes	n	absolute _s
absolutists	n	absolutist _s
absolved	v	absolve _ed
absolves	v	absolve _es
absorbed	v	absorb _ed
absorbents	n	absorbent _s
absorbing	v	absorb _ing
absorbs	v	absorb _es
absorption	a	absorb _ion
absorption	n	absorb _ion
absorption	v	absorb _ion
abstained	v	abstain _ed
abstainer	n	abstain _er
abstainers	n	abstain _er _s
abstaining	v	abstain _ing
abstains	v	abstain _es
abstention	n	abstain _ion
abstentions	n	abstain _ion _s
abstracted	v	abstract _ed
abstractedly	r	abstract _ed _ly
abstracting	v	abstract _ing
abstractions	n	abstraction _s
abstracts	n	abstract _s
abstracts	v	abstract _es
absurdest	a	absurd _est
absurdity	a	absurd _ity
absurdity	n	absurd _ity
absurdly	a	absurd _ly
absurdly	r	absurd _ly
abundances	n	abundance _s
abundantly	r	abund _ant _ly
abused	v	abuse _ed
abusers	n	abuser _s
abuses	n	abuse _s
abuses	v	abuse _es
abusively	r	abusive _ly
abutments	n	abutment _s
abuts	v	abut _es
abutted	v	abut _ed
abutting	v	abut _ing
abysmally	r	abysm _al _ly
abysses	n	abyss _s
acacias	n	acacia _s
academic	a	academy _ic
academic	n	academy _ic
academic	r	academy _ic
academic	v	academy _ic
academicians	n	academician _s
academics	n	academy _ic _s
acceded	v	accede _ed
accedes	v	accede _es
accelerated	v	accelerate _ed
accelerates	v	accelerate _es
acceleration	n	accelerate _ion
acceleration	v	accelerate _ion
accelerations	n	accelerate _ion _s
accelerators	n	accelerator _s
accented	v	accent _ed
accenting	v	accent _ing
accents	n	accent _s
accents	v	accent _es
accentuated	v	accentuate _ed
accentuates	v	accentuate _es
accentuation	n	accentuate _ion
acceptability	a	accept _able _ity
acceptability	n	accept _able _ity
acceptable	a	accept _able
acceptable	n	accept _able
acceptably	r	accept _able _ly
acceptances	n	acceptance _s
acceptations	n	acceptation _s
accepted	v	accept _ed
accepting	v	accept _ing
accepts	v	accept _es
accessed	v	access _ed
accesses	n	access _s
accesses	v	access _es
accessibility	n	access _ible _ity
accessing	v	access _ing
accession	a	accede _ion
accession	n	accede _ion
accession	r	accede _ion
accession	v	accede _ion
accessioned	v	accede _ion _ed
accessioning	v	accede _ion _ing
accessions	n	accede _ion _s
accidental	a	accident _al
accidental	n	accident _al
accidentally	r	accident _al _ly
accidentals	n	accident _al _s
accidents	n	accident _s
acclaimed	v	acclaim _ed
acclaiming	v	acclaim _ing
acclaims	n	acclaim _s
acclaims	v	acclaim _es
acclimated	v	acclimate _ed
acclimates	v	acclimate _es
acclimatized	v	acclimatize _ed
acclimatizes	v	acclimatize _es
accolades	n	accolade _s
accommodated	v	accommodate _ed
accommodates	v	accommodate _es
accommodations	n	accommodation _s
accompaniment	a	ac_ company _ment
accompaniment	n	ac_ company _ment
accompaniments	n	ac_ company _ment _s
accompanist	a	ac_ company _ist
accompanist	n	ac_ company _ist
accompanists	n	ac_ company _ist _s
accompanying	v	accompany _ing
accomplices	n	accomplice _s
accomplished	v	accomplish _ed
accomplishes	v	accomplish _es
accomplishing	v	accomplish _ing
accomplishment	a	accomplish _ment
accomplishment	n	accomplish _ment
accomplishments	n	accomplish _ment _s
accorded	v	accord _ed
according	v	accord _ing
accordion	n	accord _ion
accordionists	n	accordionist _s
accordions	n	accord _ion _s
accords	n	accord _s
accords	v	accord _es
accosted	v	accost _ed
accosting	v	accost _ing
accosts	v	accost _es
accountable	a	account _able
accountable	v	account _able
accountants	n	accountant _s
accounted	v	account _ed
accounting	v	account _ing
accounts	n	account _s
accounts	v	account _es
accoutred	v	accoutre _ed
accoutrements	n	accoutrement _s
accredited	v	accredit _ed
accrediting	v	accredit _ing
accredits	v	accredit _es
accretion	n	accrete _ion
accretions	n	accrete _ion _s
accruals	n	accrual _s
accrued	v	accrue _ed
accrues	v	accrue _es
acculturated	v	acculturate _ed
accumulated	v	accumulate _ed
accumulates	v	accumulate _es
accumulation	n	accumulate _ion
accumulation	v	accumulate _ion
accumulations	n	accumulate _ion _s
accumulators	n	accumulator _s
accurately	a	accurate _ly
accurately	r	accurate _ly
accursed	v	accurse _ed
accusations	n	accusation _s
accused	v	accuse _ed
accuser	n	accuse _er
accuser	r	accuse _er
accusers	n	accuse _er _s
accuses	v	accuse _es
accustomed	v	accustom _ed
accustoming	v	accustom _ing
accustoms	v	accustom _es
aced	v	ace _ed
acerbated	v	acerbate _ed
acerbity	n	acerbic _ity
aces	n	ace _s
aces	v	ace _es
acetates	n	acetate _s
ached	v	ache _ed
aches	n	ache _s
aches	v	ache _es
achievable	a	achieve _able
achievable	n	achieve _able
achievable	v	achieve _able
achieved	v	achieve _ed
achievement	a	achieve _ment
achievement	n	achieve _ment
achievement	v	achieve _ment
achievements	n	achieve _ment _s
achievers	n	achiever _s
achieves	v	achieve _es
acidic	a	acid _ic
acidic	n	acid _ic
acidic	v	acid _ic
acidifying	v	acidify _ing
acidity	n	acid _ity
acids	n	acid _s
acknowledged	v	acknowledge _ed
acknowledgement	a	acknowledge _ment
acknowledgement	n	acknowledge _ment
acknowledgements	n	acknowledge _ment _s
acknowledges	v	acknowledge _es
acmes	n	acme _s
acolytes	n	acolyte _s
aconites	n	aconite _s
acorns	n	acorn _s
acoustics	n	acoustic _s
acquaintances	n	acquaintance _s
acquainted	v	acquaint _ed
acquainting	v	acquaint _ing
acquaints	v	acquaint _es
acquiesced	v	acquiesce _ed
acquiesces	v	acquiesce _es
acquired	v	acquire _ed
acquirement	n	acquire _ment
acquirers	n	acquirer _s
acquires	v	acquire _es
acquisitions	n	acquisition _s
acquisitiveness	n	acquisitive _ness
acquisitiveness	r	acquisitive _ness
acquits	v	acquit _es
acquittals	n	acquittal _s
acquitted	v	acquit _ed
acquitting	v	acquit _ing
acreages	n	acreage _s
acres	n	acre _s
acrimonious	a	acrimony _ous
acrimoniously	r	acrimony _ous _ly
acrobatic	a	acrobat _ic
acrobats	n	acrobat _s
acronyms	n	acronym _s
acropolises	n	acropolis _s
acrostics	n	acrostic _s
acrylics	n	acrylic _s
acted	v	act _ed
acting	v	act _ing
action	n	act _ion
actions	n	act _ion _s
activated	v	activate _ed
activates	v	activate _es
activators	n	activator _s
actively	r	act _ive _ly
actives	n	active _s
activist	a	act _ive _ist
activist	n	act _ive _ist
activist	v	act _ive _ist
activists	n	act _ive _ist _s
activity	n	act _ive _ity
actors	n	actor _s
actresses	n	actress _s
acts	n	act _s
acts	v	act _es
actuality	a	actual _ity
actuality	n	actual _ity
actualized	v	actualize _ed
actually	r	actual _ly
actuarial	a	actuary _al
actuarial	n	actuary _al
actuated	v	actuate _ed
actuates	v	actuate _es
actuators	n	actuator _s
acuity	n	acute _ity
acutely	a	acute _ly
acutely	r	acute _ly
acuteness	n	acute _ness
acutes	n	acute _s
acutest	a	acute _st
adages	n	adage _s
adagios	n	adagio _s
adamantly	r	adamant _ly
adaptability	a	adapt _able _ity
adaptability	n	adapt _able _ity
adaptable	a	adapt _able
adaptable	v	adapt _able
adaptations	n	adaptation _s
adapted	v	adapt _ed
adapter	n	adapt _er
adapter	o	adapt _er
adapter	r	adapt _er
adapters	n	adapt _er _s
adapting	v	adapt _ing
adaptions	n	adaption _s
adapts	v	adapt _es
added	v	add _ed
adders	n	adder _s
addicted	v	addict _ed
addicting	v	addict _ing
addiction	n	addict _ion
addictions	n	addict _ion _s
addicts	n	addict _s
addicts	v	addict _es
adding	v	add _ing
additional	a	add _ion _al
additionally	r	add _ition _al _ly
additions	n	addition _s
additives	n	additive _s
addled	v	addle _ed
addles	v	addle _es
addressed	v	address _ed
addressees	n	addressee _s
addresses	n	address _s
addresses	v	address _es
addressing	v	address _ing
adds	n	add _s
adds	v	add _es
adduced	v	adduce _ed
adduces	v	adduce _es
adenoidal	a	adenoids _al
adenoidal	r	adenoids _al
adenoids	n	adenoid _s
adeptly	r	adept _ly
adepts	n	adept _s
adequately	r	adequate _ly
adhered	v	adhere _ed
adherents	n	adherent _s
adheres	v	adhere _es
adhesives	n	adhesive _s
adjectival	a	adjective _al
adjectival	n	adjective _al
adjectivally	r	adjective _al _ly
adjectives	n	adjective _s
adjoined	v	adjoin _ed
adjoining	v	adjoin _ing
adjoins	v	adjoin _es
adjourned	v	adjourn _ed
adjourning	v	adjourn _ing
adjournment	a	adjourn _ment
adjournment	n	adjourn _ment
adjournments	n	adjourn _ment _s
adjourns	v	adjourn _es
adjudged	v	adjudge _ed
adjudges	v	adjudge _es
adjudicated	v	adjudicate _ed
adjudicates	v	adjudicate _es
adjudication	n	adjudicate _ion
adjudications	n	adjudicate _ion _s
adjudicators	n	adjudicator _s
adjuncts	n	adjunct _s
adjured	v	adjure _ed
adjustable	a	adjust _able
adjusted	v	adjust _ed
adjuster	n	adjust _er
adjusters	n	adjust _er _s
adjusting	v	adjust _ing
adjustment	a	adjust _ment
adjustment	n	adjust _ment
adjustment	v	adjust _ment
adjustments	n	adjust _ment _s
adjusts	v	adjust _es
adjutants	n	adjutant _s
administered	v	administer _ed
administering	v	administer _ing
administers	v	administer _es
administrated	v	administrate _ed
administrates	v	administrate _es
administrations	n	administration _s
administratively	a	administrate _ive _ly
administratively	r	administrate _ive _ly
administrators	n	administrator _s
admirable	a	admire _able
admirably	n	admire _able _ly
admirably	r	admire _able _ly
admirals	n	admiral _s
admired	v	admire _ed
admirer	n	admire _er
admirers	n	admire _er _s
admires	v	admire _es
admissibility	n	admit _ible _ity
admission	n	admit _ion
admissions	n	admit _ion _s
admits	v	admit _es
admitted	v	admit _ed
admitting	v	admit _ing
admixed	v	admix _ed
admixing	v	admix _ing
admixtures	n	admixture _s
admonished	v	admonish _ed
admonishes	v	admonish _es
admonishing	v	admonish _ing
admonishments	n	admonishment _s
admonition	n	admonish _ion
admonitions	n	admonish _ion _s
adobes	n	adobe _s
adolescents	n	adolescent _s
adopted	v	adopt _ed
adopters	n	adopter _s
adopting	v	adopt _ing
adoptions	n	adoption _s
adopts	v	adopt _es
adorable	a	adore _able
adorable	n	adore _able
adorably	r	adore _able _ly
adored	v	adore _ed
adorers	n	adore _er _s
adores	v	adore _es
adorned	v	adorn _ed
adorning	v	adorn _ing
adornment	n	adorn _ment
adornments	n	adorn _ment _s
adorns	v	adorn _es
adrenals	n	adrenal _s
adroitly	r	adroit _ly
adroitness	n	adroit _ness
ads	n	ad _s
adsorbed	v	adsorb _ed
adsorbents	n	adsorbent _s
adsorbing	v	adsorb _ing
adsorbs	v	adsorb _es
adulated	v	adulate _ed
adulation	n	adulate _ion
adulation	v	adulate _ion
adulators	n	adulator _s
adulterants	n	adulterant _s
adulterated	v	adulterate _ed
adulteration	n	adulterate _ion
adulterers	n	adulterer _s
adulteresses	n	adulteress _s
adulterous	a	adultery _ous
adults	n	adult _s
adumbrated	v	adumbrate _ed
adumbrates	v	adumbrate _es
advanced	v	advance _ed
advancement	a	advance _ment
advancement	n	advance _ment
advancement	v	advance _ment
advancements	n	advance _ment _s
advances	n	advance _s
advances	v	advance _es
advantaged	v	advantage _ed
advantageous	a	advantage _ous
advantageously	r	advantage _ous _ly
advantages	n	advantage _s
advantages	v	advantage _es
advents	n	advent _s
adventured	v	adventure _ed
adventurer	n	adventure _er
adventurer	r	adventure _er
adventurer	v	adventure _er
adventurers	n	adventure _er _s
adventures	n	adventure _s
adventures	v	adventure _es
adventuresses	n	adventuress _s
adventurous	a	adventure _ous
adventurously	r	adventure _ous _ly
adverbials	n	adverbial _s
adverbs	n	adverb _s
adversely	r	adverse _ly
adversity	a	adverse _ity
adversity	n	adverse _ity
adverted	v	advert _ed
adverting	v	advert _ing
advertised	v	advertise _ed
advertisement	a	advertise _ment
advertisement	n	advertise _ment
advertisement	v	advertise _ment
advertisements	n	advertise _ment _s
advertiser	n	advertise _er
advertiser	r	advertise _er
advertiser	v	advertise _er
advertisers	n	advertise _er _s
advertises	v	advertise _es
advertorials	n	advertorial _s
adverts	n	advert _s
adverts	v	advert _es
advisability	n	advise _able _ity
advisable	a	advise _able
advisable	n	advise _able
advised	v	advise _ed
adviser	n	advise _er
advisers	n	advise _er _s
advises	v	advise _es
advisors	n	advisor _s
advocated	v	advocate _ed
advocates	n	advocate _s
advocates	v	advocate _es
adzes	n	adz _s
aerated	v	aerate _ed
aerates	v	aerate _es
aeration	n	aerate _ion
aerators	n	aerator _s
aerialists	n	aerialist _s
aerially	r	aerial _ly
aerials	n	aerial _s
aerodromes	n	aerodrome _s
aerograms	n	aerogram _s
aeronautic	a	aeronaut _ic
aerosols	n	aerosol _s
aesthetes	n	aesthete _s
aesthetic	a	aesthete _ic
aesthetic	n	aesthete _ic
aesthetic	v	aesthete _ic
aesthetics	n	aesthete _ic _s
affability	n	affable _ity
affably	r	affable _ly
affairs	n	affair _s
affectations	n	affectation _s
affected	v	affect _ed
affecting	v	affect _ing
affectionately	r	affect _ion _ate _ly
affections	n	affection _s
affects	n	affect _s
affects	v	affect _es
affianced	v	affiance _ed
affidavits	n	affidavit _s
affiliated	v	affiliate _ed
affiliates	n	affiliate _s
affiliates	v	affiliate _es
affiliation	n	affiliate _ion
affiliations	n	affiliate _ion _s
affinity	a	affine _ity
affinity	n	affine _ity
affirmations	n	affirmation _s
affirmatively	r	affirm _ive _ly
affirmatives	n	affirmative _s
affirmed	v	affirm _ed
affirming	v	affirm _ing
affirms	v	affirm _es
affixed	v	affix _ed
affixes	n	affix _s
affixes	v	affix _es
affixing	v	affix _ing
afflicted	v	afflict _ed
afflicting	v	afflict _ing
afflictions	n	affliction _s
afflicts	v	afflict _es
afforded	v	afford _ed
affording	v	afford _ing
affords	v	afford _es
afforested	v	afforest _ed
afforesting	v	afforest _ing
affrays	n	affray _s
affronted	v	affront _ed
affronting	v	affront _ing
affronts	n	affront _s
affronts	v	affront _es
afghans	n	afghan _s
aficionados	n	aficionado _s
afterbirths	n	afterbirth _s
afterburners	n	afterburner _s
aftereffects	n	aftereffect _s
afterglows	n	afterglow _s
afterimages	n	afterimage _s
aftermaths	n	aftermath _s
afternoons	n	afternoon _s
aftershocks	n	aftershock _s
aftertastes	n	aftertaste _s
afterthoughts	n	afterthought _s
agates	n	agate _s
aged	v	age _ed
ageless	a	age _less
ageless	n	age _less
agendas	n	agenda _s
agents	n	agent _s
ages	n	age _s
ages	v	age _es
agglomerated	v	agglomerate _ed
agglomerates	n	agglomerate _s
agglomerations	n	agglomeration _s
agglutinated	v	agglutinate _ed
aggrandized	v	aggrandize _ed
aggrandizement	n	ag_ grand _ize _ment
aggrandizes	v	aggrandize _es
aggravated	v	aggravate _ed
aggravates	v	aggravate _es
aggravation	n	aggravate _ion
aggravation	v	aggravate _ion
aggravations	n	aggravate _ion _s
aggregated	v	aggregate _ed
aggregates	n	aggregate _s
aggregates	v	aggregate _es
aggregation	n	aggregate _ion
aggregation	v	aggregate _ion
aggregations	n	aggregate _ion _s
aggregators	n	aggregator _s
aggressively	a	aggression _ive _ly
aggressively	r	aggression _ive _ly
aggressiveness	n	aggressive _ness
aggressors	n	aggressor _s
aggrieved	v	aggrieve _ed
aggrieves	v	aggrieve _es
agility	n	agile _ity
agitated	v	agitate _ed
agitates	v	agitate _es
agitation	n	agitate _ion
agitation	v	agitate _ion
agitations	n	agitate _ion _s
agitators	n	agitator _s
agnostics	n	agnostic _s
agonists	n	agonist _s
agonize	v	agony _ize
agonized	v	agony _ize _ed
agonizes	v	agony _ize _es
agoraphobic	a	agoraphobia _ic
agoraphobic	n	agoraphobia _ic
agreeable	a	agree _able
agreeable	n	agree _able
agreeably	a	agree _able _ly
agreeably	n	agree _able _ly
agreeably	r	agree _able _ly
agreed	v	agree _ed
agreeing	v	agree _ing
agreement	n	agree _ment
agreements	n	agree _ment _s
agrees	v	agree _es
agribusinesses	n	agribusiness _s
agricultural	a	agriculture _al
agricultural	n	agriculture _al
agricultural	v	agriculture _al
agriculturalists	n	agriculturalist _s
agriculturists	n	agriculturist _s
agronomists	n	agronomist _s
aided	v	aid _ed
aides	n	aide _s
aides	v	aid _es
aiding	v	aid _ing
aids	n	aid _s
aids	v	aid _es
aigrettes	n	aigrette _s
ailed	v	ail _ed
ailerons	n	aileron _s
ailing	v	ail _ing
ailment	a	ail _ment
ailment	n	ail _ment
ailments	n	ail _ment _s
ails	n	ail _s
ails	v	ail _es
aimed	v	aim _ed
aiming	v	aim _ing
aimless	a	aim _less
aimless	n	aim _less
aimless	r	aim _less
aimless	v	aim _less
aimlessly	r	aim _less _ly
aimlessness	n	aim _less _ness
aims	n	aim _s
aims	v	aim _es
airbrushed	v	airbrush _ed
airbrushes	n	airbrush _s
airbrushes	v	airbrush _es
airbrushing	v	airbrush _ing
airbuses	n	airbus _s
aircrews	n	aircrew _s
airdrops	n	airdrop _s
aired	v	air _ed
airfares	n	airfare _s
airfields	n	airfield _s
airfoils	n	airfoil _s
airguns	n	airgun _s
airheads	n	airhead _s
airily	r	air _y _ly
airing	v	air _ing
airings	n	airing _s
airless	a	air _less
airless	n	air _less
airless	r	air _less
airlifted	v	airlift _ed
airlifting	v	airlift _ing
airlifts	n	airlift _s
airlifts	v	airlift _es
airliners	n	airliner _s
airlines	n	airline _s
airlocks	n	airlock _s
airmailed	v	airmail _ed
airmails	v	airmail _es
airplanes	n	airplane _s
airports	n	airport _s
airs	n	air _s
airs	v	air _es
airships	n	airship _s
airstrips	n	airstrip _s
airwaves	n	airwave _s
airways	n	airway _s
airworthiness	a	airworthy _ness
airworthiness	n	airworthy _ness
airworthiness	v	airworthy _ness
airy	a	air _y
airy	n	air _y
airy	o	air _y
airy	r	air _y
airy	v	air _y
aisles	n	aisle _s
alarmed	v	alarm _ed
alarming	v	alarm _ing
alarmist	a	alarm _ist
alarmist	n	alarm _ist
alarmist	r	alarm _ist
alarmists	n	alarm _ist _s
alarms	n	alarm _s
alarms	v	alarm _es
alas	n	ala _s
albacores	n	albacore _s
albatrosses	n	albatross _s
albinos	n	albino _s
albs	n	alb _s
albums	n	album _s
alchemist	n	alchemy _ist
alchemists	n	alchemy _ist _s
alcoholic	a	alcohol _ic
alcoholic	n	alcohol _ic
alcoholics	n	alcohol _ic _s
alcohols	n	alcohol _s
alcoves	n	alcove _s
alders	n	alder _s
alehouses	n	alehouse _s
alembics	n	alembic _s
alerted	v	alert _ed
alerting	v	alert _ing
alertly	r	alert _ly
alertness	a	alert _ness
alertness	n	alert _ness
alertness	r	alert _ness
alerts	n	alert _s
alerts	v	alert _es
ales	n	ale _s
algebraic	a	algebra _ic
algebraic	n	algebra _ic
algebras	n	algebra _s
algorithmic	a	algorithm _ic
algorithms	n	algorithm _s
aliases	n	alias _s
alibis	n	alibi _s
alibis	v	alibi _es
alienable	a	alienate _able
alienated	v	alienate _ed
alienates	v	alienate _es
alienation	n	alienate _ion
aliened	v	alien _ed
aliening	v	alien _ing
alienist	n	alien _ist
aliens	n	alien _s
aliens	v	alien _es
alighted	v	alight _ed
alighting	v	alight _ing
alights	v	alight _es
aligned	v	align _ed
aligning	v	align _ing
alignment	a	align _ment
alignment	n	align _ment
alignment	o	align _ment
alignments	n	align _ment _s
aligns	v	align _es
aliments	n	aliment _s
alkalized	v	alkalize _ed
alkaloids	n	alkaloid _s
alkyds	n	alkyd _s
allayed	v	allay _ed
allaying	v	allay _ing
allays	v	allay _es
allegations	n	allegation _s
alleged	v	allege _ed
alleges	v	allege _es
allegiances	n	allegiance _s
allegoric	a	allegory _ic
allegorically	r	allegory _al _ly
allegros	n	allegro _s
alleles	n	allele _s
allergens	n	allergen _s
allergic	a	allergy _ic
allergic	n	allergy _ic
allergic	v	allergy _ic
allergists	n	allergist _s
alleviated	v	alleviate _ed
alleviates	v	alleviate _es
alleviation	n	alleviate _ion
alleys	n	alley _s
alleyways	n	alleyway _s
alliances	n	alliance _s
alligators	n	alligator _s
alliterated	v	alliterate _ed
alliteration	n	alliterate _ion
allocated	v	allocate _ed
allocates	v	allocate _es
allocation	n	allocate _ion
allocations	n	allocate _ion _s
allotment	a	allot _ment
allotment	n	allot _ment
allotments	n	allot _ment _s
allots	v	allot _es
allotted	v	allot _ed
allotting	v	allot _ing
allowable	a	allow _able
allowable	n	allow _able
allowances	n	allowance _s
allowances	v	allowance _es
allowed	v	allow _ed
allowing	v	allow _ing
allows	v	allow _es
alloyed	v	alloy _ed
alloying	v	alloy _ing
alloys	n	alloy _s
alloys	v	alloy _es
alluded	v	allude _ed
alludes	v	allude _es
allured	v	allure _ed
allurement	n	allure _ment
allurements	n	allure _ment _s
allures	n	allure _s
allures	v	allure _es
allusions	n	allusion _s
alluvial	a	alluvium _al
alluvial	n	alluvium _al
allying	v	ally _ing
almanacs	n	almanac _s
almonds	n	almond _s
almoners	n	almoner _s
aloes	n	aloe _s
aloofness	n	aloof _ness
aloofness	o	aloof _ness
alpacas	n	alpaca _s
alphabetic	a	alphabet _ic
alphabetically	r	alphabet _ic _al _ly
alphabetized	v	alphabetize _ed
alphabets	n	alphabet _s
alphas	n	alpha _s
alps	n	alp _s
altarpieces	n	altarpiece _s
altars	n	altar _s
alterable	a	alter _able
alterations	n	alteration _s
altercations	n	altercation _s
altered	v	alter _ed
altering	v	alter _ing
alternated	v	alternate _ed
alternately	a	altern _ate _ly
alternately	r	altern _ate _ly
alternates	n	alternate _s
alternates	v	alternate _es
alternation	n	alternate _ion
alternations	n	alternate _ion _s
alternatively	r	alternate _ive _ly
alternatives	n	alternative _s
alternators	n	alternator _s
alters	v	alter _es
altimeters	n	altimeter _s
altitudes	n	altitude _s
altos	n	alto _s
altruistic	a	altruism _ist _ic
altruistic	v	altruism _ist _ic
altruists	n	altruism _ist _s
alts	n	alt _s
alumnae	n	alumna _e
alums	n	alum _s
amalgamated	v	amalgamate _ed
amalgamates	v	amalgamate _es
amalgamations	n	amalgamation _s
amalgams	n	amalgam _s
amassed	v	amass _ed
amasses	v	amass _es
amassing	v	amass _ing
amateurs	n	amateur _s
amazed	v	amaze _ed
amazement	a	amaze _ment
amazement	n	amaze _ment
amazement	r	amaze _ment
amazement	v	amaze _ment
amazes	v	amaze _es
amazingly	r	amaze _ing _ly
amazons	n	amazon _s
ambassadors	n	ambassador _s
ambassadorships	n	ambassadorship _s
ambassadresses	n	ambassadress _s
ambiences	n	ambience _s
ambiguity	a	ambiguous _ity
ambiguity	n	ambiguous _ity
ambiguously	r	ambiguous _ly
ambitions	n	ambition _s
ambitions	v	ambition _es
ambitious	a	ambition _ous
ambitiously	r	ambition _ous _ly
ambivalently	r	ambivalece _ent _ly
ambled	v	amble _ed
amblers	n	ambler _s
ambles	n	amble _s
ambles	v	amble _es
ambulances	n	ambulance _s
ambulates	v	ambulate _es
ambushed	v	ambush _ed
ambushes	n	ambush _s
ambushes	v	ambush _es
ambushing	v	ambush _ing
ameliorated	v	ameliorate _ed
ameliorates	v	ameliorate _es
amelioration	n	ameliorate _ion
amendable	a	amend _able
amended	v	amend _ed
amending	v	amend _ing
amendment	n	amend _ment
amendments	n	amend _ment _s
amends	v	amend _es
amerced	v	amerce _ed
amercements	n	amercement _s
amethysts	n	amethyst _s
amiability	n	amiable _ity
amiably	r	amiable _ly
amicably	r	amicable _ly
amides	n	amide _s
amigos	n	amigo _s
amines	n	amine _s
ammeters	n	ammeter _s
amnesiacs	n	amnesiac _s
amnesics	n	amnesic _s
amnestying	v	amnesty _ing
amoebae	n	amoeba _e
amoebas	n	amoeba _s
amoebic	a	amoeba _ic
amoebic	n	amoeba _ic
amorality	n	amoral _ity
amorously	r	amorous _ly
amortizations	n	amortization _s
amortized	v	amortize _ed
amounted	v	amount _ed
amounting	v	amount _ing
amounts	n	amount _s
amounts	v	amount _es
amours	n	amour _s
amperes	n	ampere _s
ampersands	n	ampersand _s
amphetamines	n	amphetamine _s
amphibians	n	amphibian _s
amphibious	a	amphibian _ous
amphitheatres	n	amphitheatre _s
amphorae	n	amphora _e
amplifications	n	amplification _s
amplifier	a	amplify _er
amplifier	n	amplify _er
amplifier	o	amplify _er
amplifier	r	amplify _er
amplifier	v	amplify _er
amplifiers	n	amplify _er _s
amplifying	v	amplify _ing
amplitudes	n	amplitude _s
amply	n	ample _ly
amply	o	ample _ly
amply	r	ample _ly
amply	v	ample _ly
amps	n	amp _s
ampules	n	ampule _s
amputated	v	amputate _ed
amputates	v	amputate _es
amputations	n	amputation _s
amputees	n	amputee _s
amulets	n	amulet _s
amused	v	amuse _ed
amusement	a	amuse _ment
amusement	n	amuse _ment
amusement	v	amuse _ment
amusements	n	amuse _ment _s
amuses	v	amuse _es
anachronisms	n	anachronism _s
anachronistic	a	anachrony _ism _ic
anacondas	n	anaconda _s
anaerobes	n	anaerobe _s
anaesthetic	a	anaesthesia _ic
anaesthetic	n	anaesthesia _ic
anaesthetics	n	anaesthesia _ic _s
anaesthetist	n	anaesthesia _ist
anaesthetists	n	anaesthesia _ist _s
anaesthetize	v	anaesthesia _ize
anaesthetized	v	anaesthesia _ize _ed
anagrams	n	anagram _s
anal	a	anus _al
anal	n	anus _al
analgesic	a	analgesia _ic
analgesic	n	analgesia _ic
analgesic	v	analgesia _ic
analgesics	n	analgesia _ic _s
analogized	v	analogy _ize _ed
analogizes	v	analogy _ize _es
analogous	a	analogy _ous
analogously	r	analogy _ous _ly
analogs	n	analog _s
analogues	n	analogue _s
analysands	n	analysand _s
analyses	v	analyse _es
analysts	n	analyst _s
analytic	a	analysis _ic
analytic	n	analysis _ic
analytically	r	analytic _al _ly
analyzed	v	analyze _ed
analyzers	n	analyzer _s
analyzes	v	analyze _es
anarchic	a	anarchy _ic
anarchic	r	anarchy _ic
anarchist	a	anarchy _ism _ist
anarchist	n	anarchy _ism _ist
anarchist	o	anarchy _ism _ist
anarchist	v	anarchy _ism _ist
anarchistic	a	anarch _ism _ist _ic
anarchists	n	anarchy _ism _ist _s
anathemas	n	anathema _s
anathematized	v	anathema _ize _ed
anatomically	r	anatomy _ic _al _ly
anatomist	a	anatomy _ist
anatomist	n	anatomy _ist
anatomists	n	anatomy _ist _s
anatomized	v	anatomize _ed
anatomizes	v	anatomize _es
ancestors	n	ancestor _s
ancestral	a	ancestor _al
ancestral	v	ancestor _al
ancestresses	n	ancestress _s
anchorages	n	anchorage _s
anchored	v	anchor _ed
anchoring	v	anchor _ing
anchors	n	anchor _s
anchors	v	anchor _es
ancients	n	ancient _s
androgynous	a	androgyne _ous
androids	n	android _s
anecdotal	a	anecdote _al
anecdotal	n	anecdote _al
anecdotes	n	anecdote _s
anemometers	n	anemometer _s
anemones	n	anemone _s
anesthesiologists	n	anesthesiologist _s
aneurysms	n	aneurysm _s
angelic	a	angel _ic
angelic	n	angel _ic
angels	n	angel _s
angered	v	anger _ed
angering	v	anger _ing
angers	n	anger _s
angers	v	anger _es
angiosperms	n	angiosperm _s
angled	v	angle _ed
angler	n	angle _er
anglers	n	angle _er _s
angles	n	angle _s
angles	v	angle _es
anglicisms	n	anglicism _s
anglicized	v	anglicism _ize _ed
anglophiles	n	anglophile _s
angoras	n	angora _s
angrily	n	angry _ly
angrily	r	angry _ly
angstroms	n	angstrom _s
anguished	v	anguish _ed
anguishes	n	anguish _s
anguishes	v	anguish _es
anguishing	v	anguish _ing
angularity	n	angle _ar _ity
animadversions	n	animadversion _s
animadverted	v	animadvert _ed
animalcules	n	animalcule _s
animals	n	animal _s
animated	v	animate _ed
animates	v	animate _es
animation	n	animate _ion
animations	n	animate _ion _s
animators	n	animator _s
animist	a	animal _ism _ist
animist	v	animal _ism _ist
animists	n	animal _ism _ist _s
anions	n	anion _s
anklebones	n	anklebone _s
ankles	n	ankle _s
anklets	n	anklet _s
annalist	n	annal _ist
annealed	v	anneal _ed
annealing	v	anneal _ing
annelids	n	annelid _s
annexations	n	annexation _s
annexed	v	annex _ed
annexes	n	annex _s
annexes	v	annex _es
annexing	v	annex _ing
annihilated	v	annihilate _ed
annihilates	v	annihilate _es
annihilators	n	annihilator _s
annotated	v	annotate _ed
annotates	v	annotate _es
annotation	n	annotate _ion
annotations	n	annotate _ion _s
annotators	n	annotator _s
announced	v	announce _ed
announcement	n	announce _ment
announcements	n	announce _ment _s
announcer	n	announce _er
announcers	n	announce _er _s
announces	v	announce _es
annoyances	n	annoyance _s
annoyed	v	annoy _ed
annoying	v	annoy _ing
annoys	v	annoy _es
annually	r	annual _ly
annuals	n	annual _s
annuitants	n	annuitant _s
annuity	n	annual _ity
annulled	v	annul _ed
annulling	v	annul _ing
annulment	a	annul _ment
annulment	n	annul _ment
annulments	n	annul _ment _s
annuls	v	annul _es
annunciations	n	annunciation _s
anodes	n	anode _s
anodized	v	anodize _ed
anointed	v	anoint _ed
anointing	v	anoint _ing
anoints	v	anoint _es
anomalous	a	anomaly _ous
anomalously	r	anomaly _ous _ly
anonymity	n	anonymous _ity
anonymously	r	anonymous _ly
anoraks	n	anorak _s
anorexics	n	anorexic _s
ans	n	an _s
answerable	a	answer _able
answerable	n	answer _able
answered	v	answer _ed
answering	v	answer _ing
answers	n	answer _s
answers	v	answer _es
antacids	n	antacid _s
antagonisms	n	antagonism _s
antagonist	a	antagonism _ist
antagonist	n	antagonism _ist
antagonistic	a	antagonism _ist _ic
antagonists	n	antagonism _ist _s
antagonize	v	antagonism _ize
antagonized	v	antagonism _ize _ed
antagonizes	v	antagonism _ize _es
anteaters	n	anteater _s
antecedents	n	antecedent _s
antechambers	n	antechamber _s
anted	v	ante _ed
antedated	v	antedate _ed
antedates	v	antedate _es
anteing	v	ante _ing
antelopes	n	antelope _s
antennae	n	antenna _e
antennas	n	antenna _s
anterooms	n	anteroom _s
antes	n	ante _s
antes	v	ante _es
anthems	n	anthem _s
anthers	n	anther _s
anthills	n	anthill _s
anthologist	n	anthology _ist
anthologists	n	anthology _ist _s
anthologized	v	anthology _ize _ed
anthropoids	n	anthropoid _s
anthropologically	r	anthropology _ic _al _ly
anthropologist	a	anthropology _ist
anthropologist	n	anthropology _ist
anthropologists	n	anthropology _ist _s
anthropomorphic	a	anthropomorph _ism _ic
antibacterials	n	antibacterial _s
antibiotics	n	antibiotic _s
anticipated	v	anticipate _ed
anticipates	v	anticipate _es
anticipations	n	anticipation _s
anticlimaxes	n	anticlimax _s
anticoagulants	n	anticoagulant _s
antics	n	antic _s
antics	v	antic _es
anticyclones	n	anticyclone _s
antidepressants	n	antidepressant _s
antidotes	n	antidote _s
antigens	n	antigen _s
antiheroes	n	antihero _s
antihistamines	n	antihistamine _s
antimacassars	n	antimacassar _s
antineutrinos	n	antineutrino _s
antineutrons	n	antineutron _s
antioxidants	n	antioxidant _s
antiparticles	n	antiparticle _s
antiperspirants	n	antiperspirant _s
antiphons	n	antiphon _s
antipodal	a	antipodes _al
antipodes	n	antipode _s
antiprotons	n	antiproton _s
antiquarians	n	antiquarian _s
antiquated	v	antiquate _ed
antiqued	v	antique _ed
antiques	n	antique _s
antiques	v	antique _es
antiquity	n	antique _ity
antiquity	v	antique _ity
antirrhinums	n	antirrhinum _s
antis	n	anti _s
antiseptics	n	antiseptic _s
antiserums	n	antiserum _s
antispasmodics	n	antispasmodic _s
antithetic	a	antithesis _ic
antitoxins	n	antitoxin _s
antivenins	n	antivenin _s
antivirals	n	antiviral _s
antlers	n	antler _s
antonyms	n	antonym _s
ants	n	ant _s
anuses	n	anus _s
anvils	n	anvil _s
anxiously	r	anxious _ly
aortas	n	aorta _s
apartments	n	apartment _s
aped	v	ape _ed
aperitifs	n	aperitif _s
apertures	n	aperture _s
apes	n	ape _s
apes	v	ape _es
apexes	n	apex _s
aphids	n	aphid _s
aphorisms	n	aphorism _s
aphoristic	a	aphorism _ic
aphrodisiacs	n	aphrodisiac _s
apiarist	n	apiary _ist
apiarists	n	apiary _ist _s
apocalypses	n	apocalypse _s
apocalyptic	a	apocalypse _ic
apocalyptic	n	apocalypse _ic
apogees	n	apogee _s
apologias	n	apologia _s
apologist	n	apology _ist
apologists	n	apology _ist _s
apologize	n	apology _ize
apologize	r	apology _ize
apologize	v	apology _ize
apologized	v	apology _ize _ed
apologizes	v	apology _ize _es
apoplectic	a	apoplexy _ic
apostates	n	apostate _s
apostatize	v	apostate _ize
apostatized	v	apostate _ize _ed
apostles	n	apostle _s
apostolic	a	apostle _ic
apostolic	n	apostle _ic
apostrophes	n	apostrophe _s
apothegms	n	apothegm _s
appalled	v	appal _ed
appalling	v	appal _ing
appallingly	r	appall _ing _ly
appalls	v	appall _es
apparatchiks	n	apparatchik _s
apparatuses	n	apparatus _s
apparently	r	apparent _ly
apparitions	n	apparition _s
appealed	v	appeal _ed
appealing	v	appeal _ing
appealingly	n	appeal _ing _ly
appealingly	r	appeal _ing _ly
appeals	n	appeal _s
appearances	n	appearance _s
appeared	v	appear _ed
appearing	v	appear _ing
appears	v	appear _es
appeased	v	appease _ed
appeasement	a	appease _ment
appeasement	n	appease _ment
appeasement	v	appease _ment
appeasements	n	appease _ment _s
appeasers	n	appeaser _s
appeases	v	appease _es
appellants	n	appellant _s
appellations	n	appellation _s
appendages	n	appendage _s
appended	v	append _ed
appending	v	append _ing
appendixes	n	appendix _s
appends	v	append _es
appertaining	v	appertain _ing
appertains	v	appertain _es
appetites	n	appetite _s
appetizers	n	appetizer _s
applauded	v	applaud _ed
applauders	n	applauder _s
applauding	v	applaud _ing
applauds	v	applaud _es
apples	n	apple _s
applets	n	applet _s
appliances	n	appliance _s
applicable	a	apply _able
applicable	n	apply _able
applicants	n	applicant _s
applications	n	application _s
applicators	n	applicator _s
appliers	n	applier _s
appliqued	v	applique _ed
appliques	n	applique _s
applying	v	apply _ing
appointed	v	appoint _ed
appointees	n	appointee _s
appointing	v	appoint _ing
appointment	a	appoint _ment
appointment	n	appoint _ment
appointment	v	appoint _ment
appointments	n	appoint _ment _s
appoints	v	appoint _es
apportioned	v	apportion _ed
apportioning	v	apportion _ing
apportions	v	apportion _es
apposed	v	appose _ed
appositely	r	apposite _ly
appraisal	a	appraise _al
appraisal	n	appraise _al
appraisal	o	appraise _al
appraisal	r	appraise _al
appraisal	v	appraise _al
appraisals	n	appraise _al _s
appraised	v	appraise _ed
appraiser	n	appraise _er
appraisers	n	appraise _er _s
appraises	v	appraise _es
appreciable	a	appreciate _able
appreciably	r	appreciate _able _ly
appreciated	v	appreciate _ed
appreciates	v	appreciate _es
appreciation	n	appreciate _ion
appreciation	v	appreciate _ion
appreciations	n	appreciate _ion _s
appreciatively	r	appreciate _ive _ly
appreciators	n	appreciator _s
apprehended	v	apprehend _ed
apprehending	v	apprehend _ing
apprehends	v	apprehend _es
apprehensions	n	apprehension _s
apprehensively	r	apprehend _ible _ive _ly
apprenticed	v	apprentice _ed
apprentices	n	apprentice _s
apprentices	v	apprentice _es
apprenticeships	n	apprenticeship _s
apprised	v	apprise _ed
apprises	v	apprise _es
approachable	a	approach _able
approachable	v	approach _able
approached	v	approach _ed
approaches	n	approach _s
approaches	v	approach _es
approaching	v	approach _ing
appropriated	v	appropriate _ed
appropriately	a	appropriate _ly
appropriately	r	appropriate _ly
appropriateness	n	appropriate _ness
appropriateness	v	appropriate _ness
appropriates	v	appropriate _es
appropriations	n	appropriation _s
appropriators	n	appropriator _s
approvals	n	approval _s
approved	v	approve _ed
approves	v	approve _es
approximated	v	approximate _ed
approximately	a	ap_ proximal _ate _ly
approximately	r	ap_ proximal _ate _ly
approximates	v	approximate _es
approximation	a	approximate _ion
approximation	n	approximate _ion
approximations	n	approximate _ion _s
appurtenances	n	appurtenance _s
apricots	n	apricot _s
aprons	n	apron _s
apses	n	apse _s
aptest	a	apt _est
aptitudes	n	aptitude _s
aptly	r	apt _ly
aptness	n	apt _ness
aquamarines	n	aquamarine _s
aquanauts	n	aquanaut _s
aquaplaned	v	aquaplane _ed
aquariums	n	aquarium _s
aquas	n	aqua _s
aquatics	n	aquatic _s
aquatints	n	aquatint _s
aquatints	v	aquatint _es
aqueducts	n	aqueduct _s
aquifers	n	aquifer _s
arabesques	n	arabesque _s
arachnids	n	arachnid _s
arbiters	n	arbiter _s
arbitragers	n	arbitrager _s
arbitrageurs	n	arbitrageur _s
arbitrarily	r	arbitr _ary _ly
arbitrariness	n	arbitrary _ness
arbitrated	v	arbitrate _ed
arbitrates	v	arbitrate _es
arbitrators	n	arbitrator _s
arboretums	n	arboretum _s
arbours	n	arbour _s
arcades	n	arcade _s
arced	v	arc _ed
archaeologically	r	archaeology _ic _al _ly
archaeologist	a	archaeology _ist
archaeologist	n	archaeology _ist
archaeologist	v	archaeology _ist
archaeologists	n	archaeology _ist _s
archaisms	n	archaism _s
archangels	n	archangel _s
archbishoprics	n	archbishopric _s
archbishops	n	archbishop _s
archdeacons	n	archdeacon _s
archdioceses	n	archdiocese _s
archdukes	n	archduke _s
arched	v	arch _ed
archer	a	arch _er
archer	n	arch _er
archer	o	arch _er
archer	r	arch _er
archer	v	arch _er
archers	n	arch _er _s
arches	n	arch _s
arches	v	arch _es
archetypal	a	archetype _al
archetypal	n	archetype _al
archetypal	r	archetype _al
archetypes	n	archetype _s
arching	v	arch _ing
archipelagos	n	archipelago _s
architects	n	architect _s
architectural	a	architecture _al
architectural	n	architecture _al
architecturally	r	architecture _al _ly
architectures	n	architecture _s
architraves	n	architrave _s
archived	v	archive _ed
archives	n	archive _s
archives	v	archive _es
archivist	a	archive _es _ist
archivist	n	archive _es _ist
archivists	n	archive _es _ist _s
archly	a	arch _ly
archly	r	arch _ly
archways	n	archway _s
arcing	v	arc _ing
arcs	n	arc _s
arcs	v	arc _es
arctics	n	arctic _s
ardently	r	ardent _ly
ardours	n	ardour _s
arduously	r	arduous _ly
areas	n	area _s
arenas	n	arena _s
ares	n	are _s
arguable	a	argue _able
arguably	a	argue _able _ly
arguably	n	argue _able _ly
arguably	r	argue _able _ly
arguably	v	argue _able _ly
argued	v	argue _ed
arguers	n	arguer _s
argues	v	argue _es
argument	a	argue _ment
argument	n	argue _ment
argument	v	argue _ment
arguments	n	argue _ment _s
arias	n	aria _s
aridity	n	arid _ity
arisen	v	arise _n
arises	v	arise _es
aristocratic	a	aristocrat _ic
aristocrats	n	aristocrat _s
arithmetical	a	arithmetic _al
arithmetically	r	arithmetic _al _ly
arithmeticians	n	arithmetician _s
arks	n	ark _s
armadas	n	armada _s
armadillos	n	armadillo _s
armaments	n	armament _s
armatures	n	armature _s
armbands	n	armband _s
armchairs	n	armchair _s
armed	v	arm _ed
armfuls	n	armful _s
armholes	n	armhole _s
arming	v	arm _ing
armistices	n	armistice _s
armlets	n	armlet _s
armorial	a	armoury _al
armoured	v	armour _ed
armourer	n	armour _er
armourers	n	armour _er _s
armouring	v	armour _ing
armours	n	armour _s
armours	v	armour _es
armpits	n	armpit _s
armrests	n	armrest _s
arms	n	arm _s
arms	v	arm _es
aromas	n	aroma _s
aromatic	a	aroma _ic
aromatic	n	aroma _ic
aroused	v	arouse _ed
arouses	v	arouse _es
arpeggios	n	arpeggio _s
arraigned	v	arraign _ed
arraignment	n	arraign _ment
arraignments	n	arraign _ment _s
arraigns	v	arraign _es
arranged	v	arrange _ed
arrangement	a	arrange _ment
arrangement	n	arrange _ment
arrangement	v	arrange _ment
arrangements	n	arrange _ment _s
arrangers	n	arranger _s
arranges	v	arrange _es
arrayed	v	array _ed
arraying	v	array _ing
arrays	n	array _s
arrays	v	array _es
arrested	v	arrest _ed
arresting	v	arrest _ing
arrests	n	arrest _s
arrests	v	arrest _es
arrival	a	arrive _al
arrival	n	arrive _al
arrival	o	arrive _al
arrival	v	arrive _al
arrivals	n	arrive _al _s
arrived	v	arrive _ed
arrives	v	arrive _es
arrogantly	r	arrogant _ly
arrogated	v	arrogate _ed
arrogates	v	arrogate _es
arrowheads	n	arrowhead _s
arrows	n	arrow _s
arroyos	n	arroyo _s
arseholes	n	arsehole _s
arsenals	n	arsenal _s
arsonist	n	arson _ist
arsonists	n	arson _ist _s
arterial	a	artery _al
arterial	n	artery _al
arterioles	n	arteriole _s
artful	a	art _ful
artfully	r	art _ful _ly
artfulness	n	art _ful _ness
arthritic	a	arthritis _ic
arthritic	n	arthritis _ic
arthritics	n	arthritis _ic _s
arthropods	n	arthropod _s
artichokes	n	artichoke _s
articled	v	article _ed
articles	n	article _s
articles	v	article _es
articulated	v	articulate _ed
articulately	r	articulate _ly
articulates	v	articulate _es
articulation	n	articulate _ion
articulations	n	articulate _ion _s
artifacts	n	artifact _s
artificers	n	artificer _s
artifices	n	artifice _s
artificiality	n	artificial _ity
artificially	r	artifice _al _ly
artisans	n	artisan _s
artist	a	art _ist
artist	n	art _ist
artist	v	art _ist
artistes	n	artiste _s
artistic	a	art _ist _ic
artistic	n	art _ist _ic
artists	n	art _ist _s
artless	a	art _less
artless	n	art _less
artlessly	r	art _less _ly
artlessness	n	art _less _ness
arts	n	art _s
artworks	n	artwork _s
arty	a	art _y
arty	n	art _y
arty	r	art _y
arty	v	art _y
as	n	a _s
ascendants	n	ascendant _s
ascended	v	ascend _ed
ascending	v	ascend _ing
ascends	v	ascend _es
ascension	a	ascend _ion
ascension	n	ascend _ion
ascensions	n	ascend _ion _s
ascents	n	ascent _s
ascertainable	a	ascertain _able
ascertained	v	ascertain _ed
ascertaining	v	ascertain _ing
ascertains	v	ascertain _es
ascetics	n	ascetic _s
ascots	n	ascot _s
ascribed	v	ascribe _ed
ascribes	v	ascribe _es
aseptic	a	asepsis _ic
asexuality	n	asex _al _ity
asexually	r	a_ sex _al _ly
ashcans	n	ashcan _s
ashed	v	ash _ed
ashes	n	ash _s
ashes	v	ash _es
ashing	v	ash _ing
ashlars	n	ashlar _s
ashrams	n	ashram _s
ashtrays	n	ashtray _s
ashy	a	ash _y
asides	n	aside _s
asked	v	ask _ed
asking	v	ask _ing
asks	v	ask _es
aspects	n	aspect _s
aspens	n	aspen _s
aspersions	n	aspersion _s
asphalted	v	asphalt _ed
asphalting	v	asphalt _ing
asphalts	n	asphalt _s
asphodels	n	asphodel _s
asphyxiated	v	asphyxiate _ed
asphyxiates	v	asphyxiate _es
asphyxiation	n	asphyxiate _ion
asphyxiations	n	asphyxiate _ion _s
aspics	n	aspic _s
aspidistras	n	aspidistra _s
aspirants	n	aspirant _s
aspirated	v	aspirate _ed
aspirates	n	aspirate _s
aspirates	v	aspirate _es
aspirations	n	aspiration _s
aspirators	n	aspirator _s
aspired	v	aspire _ed
aspires	v	aspire _es
aspirins	n	aspirin _s
asps	n	asp _s
ass	n	as _s
assailants	n	assailant _s
assailed	v	assail _ed
assailing	v	assail _ing
assails	v	assail _es
assassinated	v	assassinate _ed
assassinates	v	assassinate _es
assassination	n	assassin _ate _ion
assassination	v	assassin _ate _ion
assassinations	n	assassin _ate _ion _s
assassins	n	assassin _s
assaulted	v	assault _ed
assaulting	v	assault _ing
assaults	n	assault _s
assaults	v	assault _es
assayed	v	assay _ed
assayer	n	assay _er
assaying	v	assay _ing
assays	n	assay _s
assays	v	assay _es
assemblages	n	assemblage _s
assembled	v	assemble _ed
assemblers	n	assembler _s
assembles	v	assemble _es
assented	v	assent _ed
assenting	v	assent _ing
assents	n	assent _s
assents	v	assent _es
asserted	v	assert _ed
asserting	v	assert _ing
assertion	n	assert _ion
assertion	v	assert _ion
assertions	n	assert _ion _s
assertively	r	assert _ive _ly
assertiveness	a	assertive _ness
assertiveness	n	assertive _ness
assertiveness	o	assertive _ness
assertiveness	r	assertive _ness
assertiveness	v	assertive _ness
asserts	v	assert _es
asses	n	ass _s
assessed	v	assess _ed
assesses	n	assess _s
assesses	v	assess _es
assessing	v	assess _ing
assessment	a	assess _ment
assessment	n	assess _ment
assessment	v	assess _ment
assessments	n	assess _ment _s
assessors	n	assessor _s
assets	n	asset _s
asseverated	v	asseverate _ed
assiduously	r	assiduous _ly
assignable	a	assign _able
assignations	n	assignation _s
assigned	v	assign _ed
assigning	v	assign _ing
assignment	a	assign _ment
assignment	n	assign _ment
assignment	o	assign _ment
assignment	v	assign _ment
assignments	n	assign _ment _s
assigns	v	assign _es
assimilated	v	assimilate _ed
assimilates	v	assimilate _es
assistants	n	assistant _s
assisted	v	assist _ed
assisting	v	assist _ing
assists	n	assist _s
assists	v	assist _es
assizes	n	assize _s
associated	v	associate _ed
associates	n	associate _s
associates	v	associate _es
associations	n	association _s
assorted	v	assort _ed
assortments	n	assortment _s
assuaged	v	assuage _ed
assuages	v	assuage _es
assumed	v	assume _ed
assumes	v	assume _es
assumptions	n	assumption _s
assurances	n	assurance _s
assured	v	assure _ed
assuredly	r	assure _ed _ly
assures	v	assure _es
asterisked	v	asterisk _ed
asterisking	v	asterisk _ing
asterisks	n	asterisk _s
asterisks	v	asterisk _es
asteroids	n	asteroid _s
asters	n	aster _s
asthmatic	a	asthma _ic
asthmatic	n	asthma _ic
asthmatics	n	asthma _ic _s
astigmatic	a	astigmatic _ism _ic
astonished	v	astonish _ed
astonishes	v	astonish _es
astonishing	v	astonish _ing
astonishment	a	astonish _ment
astonishment	n	astonish _ment
astounded	v	astound _ed
astounding	v	astound _ing
astounds	v	astound _es
astringents	n	astringent _s
astrologers	n	astrologer _s
astrologically	r	astrology _al _ly
astrologists	n	astrologist _s
astronauts	n	astronaut _s
astronomers	n	astronomer _s
astronomically	r	astronomy _ic _al _ly
astrophysical	a	astrophysics _al
astrophysicist	n	astrophysics _ist
astrophysicists	n	astrophysics _ist _s
astutely	r	astute _ly
astuteness	n	astute _ness
asylums	n	asylum _s
asymmetric	a	a_ symmetry _ic
asymmetric	n	a_ symmetry _ic
asymmetric	v	a_ symmetry _ic
asymmetrically	r	a_ symmetry _ic _al _ly
atavistic	a	atavism _ic
atavists	n	atavist _s
ateliers	n	atelier _s
atheist	a	atheism _ist
atheist	n	atheism _ist
atheistic	a	atheism _ist _ic
atheists	n	atheism _ist _s
athletes	n	athlete _s
athletic	a	athlete _ic
athletic	n	athlete _ic
atlases	n	atlas _s
atmospheres	n	atmosphere _s
atmospheric	a	atmosphere _ic
atmospheric	n	atmosphere _ic
atmospheric	o	atmosphere _ic
atmospheric	v	atmosphere _ic
atolls	n	atoll _s
atomic	a	atom _ic
atomic	n	atom _ic
atomic	v	atom _ic
atomize	v	atom _ize
atomized	v	atom _ize _ed
atomizer	n	atom _ize _er
atomizers	n	atom _ize _er _s
atomizes	v	atom _ize _es
atoms	n	atom _s
atonality	n	atonal _ity
atoned	v	atone _ed
atonement	a	atone _ment
atonement	n	atone _ment
atonement	v	atone _ment
atones	v	atone _es
atrociously	r	atrocity _ous _ly
atrocity	n	atrocity _ous _ity
atrophying	v	atrophy _ing
attached	v	attach _ed
attaches	n	attache _s
attaches	v	attach _es
attaching	v	attach _ing
attachment	a	attach _ment
attachment	n	attach _ment
attachment	v	attach _ment
attachments	n	attach _ment _s
attacked	v	attack _ed
attacker	n	attack _er
attacker	r	attack _er
attacker	v	attack _er
attackers	n	attack _er _s
attacking	v	attack _ing
attacks	n	attack _s
attacks	v	attack _es
attainable	a	attain _able
attainable	n	attain _able
attained	v	attain _ed
attaining	v	attain _ing
attainment	a	attain _ment
attainment	n	attain _ment
attainments	n	attain _ment _s
attains	v	attain _es
attempted	v	attempt _ed
attempting	v	attempt _ing
attempts	n	attempt _s
attempts	v	attempt _es
attendances	n	attendance _s
attendants	n	attendant _s
attended	v	attend _ed
attendees	n	attendee _s
attenders	n	attender _s
attending	v	attend _ing
attends	v	attend _es
attention	n	attend _ion
attentions	n	attend _ion _s
attentively	r	attend _ive _ly
attentiveness	n	attend _ive _ness
attenuated	v	attenuate _ed
attenuates	v	attenuate _es
attenuation	n	attenuate _ion
attestations	n	attestation _s
attested	v	attest _ed
attesting	v	attest _ing
attests	v	attest _es
attics	n	attic _s
attired	v	attire _ed
attires	n	attire _s
attitudes	n	attitude _s
attorneys	n	attorney _s
attracted	v	attract _ed
attracting	v	attract _ing
attractions	n	attraction _s
attractively	a	attract _ive _ly
attractively	r	attract _ive _ly
attractiveness	n	attract _ive _ness
attractiveness	r	attract _ive _ness
attractiveness	v	attract _ive _ness
attracts	v	attract _es
attributed	v	attribute _ed
attributes	n	attribute _s
attributes	v	attribute _es
attributions	n	attribution _s
attuned	v	attune _ed
attunes	v	attune _es
atypically	r	a_ type _al _ly
aubergines	n	aubergine _s
auctioned	v	auction _ed
auctioneers	n	auctioneer _s
auctioning	v	auction _ing
auctions	n	auction _s
auctions	v	auction _es
audaciously	r	audacity _ous _ly
audacity	n	audacious _ity
audibility	n	audio _ible _ity
audibles	n	audible _s
audibly	r	audible _ly
audiences	n	audience _s
audios	n	audio _s
audiotapes	n	audiotape _s
audiovisuals	n	audiovisual _s
audited	v	audit _ed
auditing	v	audit _ing
audition	a	audit _ion
audition	n	audit _ion
audition	v	audit _ion
auditioned	v	audit _ion _ed
auditioning	v	audit _ion _ing
auditions	n	audit _ion _s
auditions	v	audit _ion _es
auditoriums	n	auditorium _s
auditors	n	auditor _s
audits	n	audit _s
audits	v	audit _es
augers	n	auger _s
aughts	n	aught _s
augmentations	n	augmentation _s
augmented	v	augment _ed
augmenting	v	augment _ing
augments	v	augment _es
augured	v	augur _ed
auguring	v	augur _ing
augurs	n	augur _s
augurs	v	augur _es
auks	n	auk _s
aunts	n	aunt _s
aurally	r	aural _ly
auras	n	aura _s
aureoles	n	aureole _s
auricles	n	auricle _s
auroras	n	aurora _s
auspiciously	r	auspicious _ly
austerely	a	austere _ly
austerely	r	austere _ly
austerity	a	austere _ity
austerity	n	austere _ity
austerity	v	austere _ity
authenticated	v	authenticate _ed
authenticates	v	authenticate _es
authentication	n	authenticate _ion
authentications	n	authenticate _ion _s
authenticity	n	authentic _ity
authenticity	v	authentic _ity
authored	v	author _ed
authoresses	n	authoress _s
authoring	v	author _ing
authoritarians	n	authoritarian _s
authoritatively	r	author _ity _ative _ly
authority	a	author _ity
authority	n	author _ity
authority	v	author _ity
authorizations	n	authorization _s
authorize	n	author _ize
authorize	v	author _ize
authorized	v	author _ize _ed
authorizes	v	author _ize _es
authors	n	author _s
authors	v	author _es
autistic	a	autism _ic
autobahns	n	autobahn _s
autobiographers	n	autobiographer _s
autobiographically	r	autobiography _al _ly
autoclaves	n	autoclave _s
autocratic	a	autocrat _ic
autocrats	n	autocrat _s
autodidacts	n	autodidact _s
autographed	v	autograph _ed
autographing	v	autograph _ing
autographs	n	autograph _s
autographs	v	autograph _es
automakers	n	automaker _s
automated	v	automate _ed
automates	v	automate _es
automatic	a	automate _ion _ic
automatic	n	automate _ion _ic
automatic	r	automate _ion _ic
automatic	v	automate _ion _ic
automatics	n	automate _ion _ic _s
automatized	v	automatize _ed
automatons	n	automaton _s
automobiles	n	automobile _s
automobiles	v	automobile _es
autonomous	a	autonomy _ous
autonomous	v	autonomy _ous
autonomously	r	autonomy _ous _ly
autopilots	n	autopilot _s
autopsying	v	autopsy _ing
autos	n	auto _s
autumnal	a	autumn _al
autumnal	n	autumn _al
autumns	n	autumn _s
availability	n	avail _able _ity
available	a	avail _able
availed	v	avail _ed
availing	v	avail _ing
avails	n	avail _s
avails	v	avail _es
avalanches	n	avalanche _s
avalanches	v	avalanche _es
avaricious	a	avarice _ous
avatars	n	avatar _s
avenged	v	avenge _ed
avenger	n	avenge _er
avengers	n	avenge _er _s
avenges	v	avenge _es
avenues	n	avenue _s
averaged	v	average _ed
averages	n	average _s
averages	v	average _es
averred	v	aver _ed
averring	v	aver _ing
avers	v	aver _es
aversions	n	aversion _s
averted	v	avert _ed
averting	v	avert _ing
averts	v	avert _es
aviators	n	aviator _s
avidity	n	avid _ity
avidly	r	avid _ly
avocados	n	avocado _s
avocations	n	avocation _s
avoidable	a	avoid _able
avoidable	n	avoid _able
avoidable	v	avoid _able
avoided	v	avoid _ed
avoiding	v	avoid _ing
avoids	v	avoid _es
avouched	v	avouch _ed
avouching	v	avouch _ing
avowals	n	avowal _s
avowed	v	avow _ed
avowedly	a	avow _ed _ly
avowedly	r	avow _ed _ly
avowing	v	avow _ing
avows	v	avow _es
awaited	v	await _ed
awaiting	v	await _ing
awaits	v	await _es
awakened	v	awaken _ed
awakening	v	awaken _ing
awakenings	n	awakening _s
awakenings	v	awaken _es
awakens	v	awaken _es
awakes	v	awake _es
awarded	v	award _ed
awarding	v	award _ing
awards	n	award _s
awards	v	award _es
awareness	a	aware _ness
awareness	n	aware _ness
awareness	o	aware _ness
awareness	r	aware _ness
awareness	v	aware _ness
awed	v	awe _ed
awes	n	awe _s
awes	v	awe _es
awful	a	awe _ful
awful	n	awe _ful
awful	r	awe _ful
awful	v	awe _ful
awfully	r	awe _ful _ly
awfulness	n	awe _ful _ness
awkwardly	a	awkward _ly
awkwardly	r	awkward _ly
awkwardness	a	awkward _ness
awkwardness	n	awkward _ness
awls	n	awl _s
awnings	n	awning _s
awns	n	awn _s
axed	v	ax _ed
axes	n	ax _s
axes	v	ax _es
axing	v	ax _ing
axioms	n	axiom _s
axles	n	axle _s
axolotls	n	axolotl _s
axons	n	axon _s
ayatollahs	n	ayatollah _s
azaleas	n	azalea _s
azimuths	n	azimuth _s
baas	n	baa _s
baas	v	baa _es
babbled	v	babble _ed
babbler	n	babble _er
babblers	n	babble _er _s
babbles	n	babble _s
babbles	v	babble _es
babes	n	babe _s
baboons	n	baboon _s
babushkas	n	babushka _s
babying	v	baby _ing
babysitters	n	babysitter _s
baccalaureates	n	baccalaureate _s
bacchanals	n	bacchanal _s
bachelors	n	bachelor _s
bachelors	v	bachelor _es
backaches	n	backache _s
backbenches	n	backbench _s
backbiters	n	backbiter _s
backboards	n	backboard _s
backbones	n	backbone _s
backcloths	n	backcloth _s
backdated	v	backdate _ed
backdates	v	backdate _es
backdrops	n	backdrop _s
backed	v	back _ed
backer	n	back _er
backer	v	back _er
backers	n	back _er _s
backfields	n	backfield _s
backfired	v	backfire _ed
backfires	n	backfire _s
backfires	v	backfire _es
backgrounds	n	background _s
backgrounds	v	background _es
backhanded	v	backhand _ed
backhander	n	backhand _er
backhanders	n	backhand _er _s
backhanding	v	backhand _ing
backhands	n	backhand _s
backhands	v	backhand _es
backhoes	n	backhoe _s
backing	v	back _ing
backings	n	backing _s
backlashes	n	backlash _s
backless	n	back _less
backlogs	n	backlog _s
backpacked	v	backpack _ed
backpackers	n	backpacker _s
backpacking	v	backpack _ing
backpacks	n	backpack _s
backpacks	v	backpack _es
backpedals	v	backpedal _es
backrests	n	backrest _s
backrooms	n	backroom _s
backs	n	back _s
backs	v	back _es
backseats	n	backseat _s
backsides	n	backside _s
backslappers	n	backslapper _s
backsliders	n	backslide _er _s
backslides	v	backslide _es
backspaced	v	backspace _ed
backstops	n	backstop _s
backstops	v	backstop _es
backstroked	v	backstroke _ed
backtracked	v	backtrack _ed
backtracking	v	backtrack _ing
backtracks	v	backtrack _es
backups	n	backup _s
backwaters	n	backwater _s
backyards	n	backyard _s
bacterial	a	bacterium _al
bacterial	n	bacterium _al
bactericides	n	bactericide _s
bacteriologist	n	bacteriology _ist
bacteriologists	n	bacteriology _ist _s
baddies	n	baddie _s
badgered	v	badger _ed
badgering	v	badger _ing
badgers	n	badger _s
badgers	v	badger _es
badges	n	badge _s
badges	v	badge _es
badly	a	bad _ly
badly	r	bad _ly
badmouthed	v	badmouth _ed
badmouthing	v	badmouth _ing
badmouths	v	badmouth _es
badness	n	bad _ness
badness	v	bad _ness
baffled	v	baffle _ed
bafflement	a	baffle _ment
bafflement	n	baffle _ment
baffles	n	baffle _s
baffles	v	baffle _es
bagatelles	n	bagatelle _s
bagels	n	bagel _s
bagfuls	n	bagful _s
bagged	v	bag _ed
bagging	v	bag _ing
baggy	a	bag _y
baggy	n	bag _y
baggy	r	bag _y
baggy	v	bag _y
bagpipers	n	bagpiper _s
bagpipes	n	bagpipe _s
bags	n	bag _s
bags	v	bag _es
baguettes	n	baguette _s
bahts	n	baht _s
bailed	v	bail _ed
baileys	n	bailey _s
bailiffs	n	bailiff _s
bailing	v	bail _ing
bailiwicks	n	bailiwick _s
bails	n	bail _s
bails	v	bail _es
bairns	n	bairn _s
baited	v	bait _ed
baiting	v	bait _ing
baits	n	bait _s
baits	v	bait _es
baked	v	bake _ed
baker	a	bake _er
baker	n	bake _er
baker	r	bake _er
baker	v	bake _er
bakers	n	bake _er _s
bakes	v	bake _es
balaclavas	n	balaclava _s
balalaikas	n	balalaika _s
balanced	v	balance _ed
balances	n	balance _s
balances	v	balance _es
balder	a	bald _er
baldest	a	bald _est
balding	v	bald _ing
baldly	r	bald _ly
baldness	n	bald _ness
baldrics	n	baldric _s
baled	v	bale _ed
baleful	a	bale _ful
baleful	n	bale _ful
balefully	r	bale _ful _ly
bales	n	bale _s
bales	v	bale _es
balked	v	balk _ed
balking	v	balk _ing
balks	n	balk _s
balks	v	balk _es
balladeers	n	balladeer _s
ballads	n	ballad _s
ballasted	v	ballast _ed
ballasts	n	ballast _s
ballasts	v	ballast _es
ballcocks	n	ballcock _s
balled	v	ball _ed
ballerinas	n	ballerina _s
ballets	n	ballet _s
ballgames	n	ballgame _s
balling	v	ball _ing
ballistic	a	ballista _ic
ballooned	v	balloon _ed
ballooning	v	balloon _ing
balloonist	n	balloon _ist
balloonists	n	balloon _ist _s
balloons	n	balloon _s
balloons	v	balloon _es
balloted	v	ballot _ed
balloting	v	ballot _ing
ballots	n	ballot _s
ballots	v	ballot _es
ballparks	n	ballpark _s
ballplayers	n	ballplayer _s
ballpoints	n	ballpoint _s
ballrooms	n	ballroom _s
balls	n	ball _s
balls	v	ball _es
ballsed	v	ball _ed
ballyhooed	v	ballyhoo _ed
balms	n	balm _s
balmy	a	balm _y
balmy	n	balm _y
balmy	r	balm _y
balmy	v	balm _y
balsams	n	balsam _s
balsas	n	balsa _s
balusters	n	baluster _s
balustrades	n	balustrade _s
bamboos	n	bamboo _s
bamboozled	v	bamboozle _ed
bamboozles	v	bamboozle _es
banality	n	banal _ity
bananas	n	banana _s
bandaged	v	bandage _ed
bandages	n	bandage _s
bandages	v	bandage _es
bandanas	n	bandana _s
bandboxes	n	bandbox _s
bandeaux	n	bandeau _x
banded	v	band _ed
banding	v	band _ing
bandits	n	bandit _s
bandleaders	n	bandleader _s
bandoleers	n	bandoleer _s
bands	n	band _s
bands	v	band _es
bandstands	n	bandstand _s
bandwagons	n	bandwagon _s
bandwidths	n	bandwidth _s
bandying	v	bandy _ing
baneful	a	bane _ful
baneful	n	bane _ful
banes	n	bane _s
banged	v	bang _ed
banger	a	bang _er
banger	n	bang _er
banging	v	bang _ing
bangles	n	bangle _s
bangs	n	bang _s
bangs	v	bang _es
bani	n	ban _i
banished	v	banish _ed
banishes	v	banish _es
banishing	v	banish _ing
banishment	n	ban _ish _ment
banisters	n	banister _s
banjos	n	banjo _s
bankbooks	n	bankbook _s
banked	v	bank _ed
banker	n	bank _er
bankers	n	bank _er _s
banking	v	bank _ing
banknotes	n	banknote _s
bankrolled	v	bankroll _ed
bankrolling	v	bankroll _ing
bankrolls	n	bankroll _s
bankrolls	v	bankroll _es
bankrupted	v	bankrupt _ed
bankrupting	v	bankrupt _ing
bankrupts	n	bankrupt _s
bankrupts	v	bankrupt _es
banks	n	bank _s
banks	v	bank _es
banned	v	ban _ed
banners	n	banner _s
banning	v	ban _ing
bannocks	n	bannock _s
banqueting	v	banquet _ing
banquets	n	banquet _s
banquettes	n	banquette _s
bans	n	ban _s
bans	v	ban _es
banshees	n	banshee _s
bantams	n	bantam _s
bantamweights	n	bantamweight _s
bantered	v	banter _ed
bantering	v	banter _ing
banters	n	banter _s
banters	v	banter _es
banyans	n	banyan _s
baobabs	n	baobab _s
baps	n	bap _s
baptismal	a	baptism _al
baptismal	n	baptism _al
baptisms	n	baptism _s
baptist	a	baptism _ist
baptist	n	baptism _ist
baptist	v	baptism _ist
baptists	n	baptism _ist _s
baptize	v	baptism _ize
baptized	v	baptism _ize _ed
baptizes	v	baptism _ize _es
barbarians	n	barbarian _s
barbaric	a	barbarian _ic
barbaric	n	barbarian _ic
barbarisms	n	barbarism _s
barbarity	n	barbarous _ity
barbarously	r	barbarous _ly
barbecued	v	barbecue _ed
barbecues	n	barbecue _s
barbecues	v	barbecue _es
barbed	v	barb _ed
barbells	n	barbell _s
barbels	n	barbel _s
barbered	v	barber _ed
barbering	v	barber _ing
barbers	n	barber _s
barbershops	n	barbershop _s
barbiturates	n	barbiturate _s
barbs	n	barb _s
barbs	v	barb _es
bardic	a	bard _ic
bardic	n	bard _ic
bards	n	bard _s
bared	v	bare _ed
bareness	a	bare _ness
bareness	n	bare _ness
bareness	v	bare _ness
barer	a	bare _r
bares	v	bar _es
barest	a	bare _st
barfed	v	barf _ed
barfing	v	barf _ing
bargained	v	bargain _ed
bargainers	n	bargainer _s
bargaining	v	bargain _ing
bargains	n	bargain _s
bargains	v	bargain _es
barged	v	barge _ed
barges	n	barge _s
barges	v	barge _es
baring	v	bare _ing
baritones	n	baritone _s
barked	v	bark _ed
barkeepers	n	barkeeper _s
barkeeps	n	barkeep _s
barker	n	bark _er
barker	o	bark _er
barker	r	bark _er
barker	v	bark _er
barkers	n	bark _er _s
barking	v	bark _ing
barks	n	bark _s
barks	v	bark _es
barmaids	n	barmaid _s
barnacles	n	barnacle _s
barns	n	barn _s
barnstormed	v	barnstorm _ed
barnstormers	n	barnstorm _er _s
barnstorming	v	barnstorm _ing
barnstorms	v	barnstorm _es
barnyards	n	barnyard _s
barometers	n	barometer _s
barometric	a	barometer _ic
barometric	n	barometer _ic
baronesses	n	baroness _s
baronets	n	baronet _s
barons	n	baron _s
barques	n	barque _s
barracked	v	barrack _ed
barracking	v	barrack _ing
barracks	n	barrack _s
barracks	v	barrack _es
barracudas	n	barracuda _s
barraged	v	barrage _ed
barrages	n	barrage _s
barrages	v	barrage _es
barred	v	bar _ed
barrelled	v	barrel _ed
barrelling	v	barrel _ing
barrels	n	barrel _s
barrels	v	barrel _es
barrenness	n	barren _ness
barrenness	v	barren _ness
barrens	n	barren _s
barrettes	n	barrette _s
barricaded	v	barricade _ed
barricades	n	barricade _s
barricades	v	barricade _es
barriers	n	barrier _s
barring	v	bar _ing
barrings	n	barring _s
barrios	n	barrio _s
barristers	n	barrister _s
barrooms	n	barroom _s
barrows	n	barrow _s
bars	n	bar _s
bars	v	bar _es
bartenders	n	bartender _s
bartered	v	barter _ed
bartering	v	barter _ing
barters	n	barter _s
baryons	n	baryon _s
baseballs	n	baseball _s
baseboards	n	baseboard _s
based	v	base _ed
baseless	a	base _less
baseless	n	base _less
baselines	n	baseline _s
basement	a	base _ment
basement	n	base _ment
basement	v	base _ment
basements	n	base _ment _s
baser	a	base _r
bases	n	base _s
bases	v	base _es
basest	a	base _st
bashed	v	bash _ed
bashes	n	bash _s
bashes	v	bash _es
bashfully	r	bash _ful _ly
bashfulness	n	bash _ful _ness
bashing	v	bash _ing
basic	a	base _ic
basic	n	base _ic
basic	o	base _ic
basic	v	base _ic
basics	n	base _ic _s
basilicas	n	basilica _s
basilisks	n	basilisk _s
basins	n	basin _s
basked	v	bask _ed
basketballs	n	basketball _s
baskets	n	basket _s
basking	v	bask _ing
basks	v	bask _es
basques	n	basque _s
basses	n	bass _s
bassinets	n	bassinet _s
bassists	n	bassist _s
bassoons	n	bassoon _s
bastardize	v	bastard _ize
bastardized	v	bastard _ize _ed
bastards	n	bastard _s
basted	v	baste _ed
basters	n	baster _s
bastes	n	baste _s
bastes	v	baste _es
bastions	n	bastion _s
batched	v	batch _ed
batches	n	batch _s
batching	v	batch _ing
bated	v	bat _ed
bates	v	bat _es
bathed	v	bath _ed
bather	n	bathe _er
bathers	n	bathe _er _s
bathes	n	bathe _s
bathes	v	bath _es
bathhouses	n	bathhouse _s
bathing	v	bath _ing
bathrobes	n	bathrobe _s
bathrooms	n	bathroom _s
baths	n	bath _s
baths	v	bath _es
bathtubs	n	bathtub _s
batiks	n	batik _s
batiks	v	batik _es
bating	v	bat _ing
batons	n	baton _s
bats	n	bat _s
bats	v	bat _es
battalions	n	battalion _s
batted	v	bat _ed
battened	v	batten _ed
battening	v	batten _ing
battens	n	batten _s
battens	v	batten _es
batter	a	bat _er
batter	n	bat _er
batter	v	bat _er
battered	v	bat _er _ed
battering	v	bat _er _ing
batterings	n	battering _s
batters	n	bat _er _s
batters	v	bat _er _es
batting	v	bat _ing
battled	v	battle _ed
battledores	n	battledore _s
battlefields	n	battlefield _s
battlefronts	n	battlefront _s
battlegrounds	n	battleground _s
battlements	n	battlement _s
battlers	n	battler _s
battles	n	battle _s
battles	v	battle _es
battleships	n	battleship _s
batty	a	bat _y
batty	n	bat _y
batty	o	bat _y
batty	r	bat _y
batty	v	bat _y
baubles	n	bauble _s
bawdiness	n	bawd _y _ness
bawds	n	bawd _s
bawdy	a	bawd _y
bawdy	n	bawd _y
bawdy	v	bawd _y
bawled	v	bawl _ed
bawling	v	bawl _ing
bawls	v	bawl _es
bayed	v	bay _ed
baying	v	bay _ing
bayoneted	v	bayonet _ed
bayoneting	v	bayonet _ing
bayonets	n	bayonet _s
bayonets	v	bayonet _es
bayous	n	bayou _s
bays	n	bay _s
bays	v	bay _es
bazaars	n	bazaar _s
bazookas	n	bazooka _s
beachcombers	n	beachcomber _s
beached	v	beach _ed
beaches	n	beach _s
beaches	v	beach _es
beachheads	n	beachhead _s
beaching	v	beach _ing
beacons	n	beacon _s
beaded	v	bead _ed
beading	v	bead _ing
beadles	n	beadle _s
beads	n	bead _s
beads	v	bead _es
beady	a	bead _y
beady	n	bead _y
beagles	n	beagle _s
beaked	v	beak _ed
beakers	n	beaker _s
beaks	n	beak _s
beaks	v	beak _es
beamed	v	beam _ed
beaming	v	beam _ing
beams	n	beam _s
beams	v	beam _es
beanbags	n	beanbag _s
beaned	v	bean _ed
beaning	v	bean _ing
beans	n	bean _s
beans	v	bean _es
beanstalks	n	beanstalk _s
bearable	a	bear _able
bearable	n	bear _able
bearded	v	beard _ed
bearding	v	beard _ing
beardless	a	beard _less
beardless	n	beard _less
beards	n	beard _s
beards	v	beard _es
bearer	a	bear _er
bearer	n	bear _er
bearer	r	bear _er
bearers	n	bear _er _s
bearing	v	bear _ing
bearings	n	bearing _s
bears	n	bear _s
bears	v	bear _es
bearskins	n	bearskin _s
beastliness	n	beast _ly _ness
beasts	n	beast _s
beaten	v	beat _en
beater	n	beat _er
beater	r	beat _er
beaters	n	beat _er _s
beatifications	n	beatification _s
beatifying	v	beatify _ing
beating	v	beat _ing
beatings	n	beating _s
beatings	v	beat _es
beatitudes	n	beatitude _s
beatniks	n	beatnik _s
beats	n	beat _s
beats	v	beat _es
beaus	n	beau _s
beauticians	n	beautician _s
beautiful	a	beauty _ful
beautiful	n	beauty _ful
beautiful	o	beauty _ful
beautiful	r	beauty _ful
beautiful	v	beauty _ful
beautifully	n	beauty _ful _ly
beautifully	r	beauty _ful _ly
beautifying	v	beautify _ing
beauts	n	beaut _s
beavered	v	beaver _ed
beavering	v	beaver _ing
beavers	n	beaver _s
beavers	v	beaver _es
becalmed	v	becalm _ed
beckoned	v	beckon _ed
beckoning	v	beckon _ing
beckons	v	beckon _es
becks	n	beck _s
beclouded	v	becloud _ed
beclouds	v	becloud _es
becomes	v	become _es
becquerels	n	becquerel _s
bedazzled	v	bedazzle _ed
bedbugs	n	bedbug _s
bedchambers	n	bedchamber _s
bedded	v	bed _ed
bedding	v	bed _ing
bedecked	v	bedeck _ed
bedecking	v	bedeck _ing
bedevilled	v	bedevil _ed
bedevilling	v	bedevil _ing
bedevils	v	bedevil _es
bedfellows	n	bedfellow _s
bedizened	v	bedizen _ed
bedpans	n	bedpan _s
bedposts	n	bedpost _s
bedraggled	v	bedraggle _ed
bedrocks	n	bedrock _s
bedrolls	n	bedroll _s
bedrooms	n	bedroom _s
beds	n	bed _s
beds	v	bed _es
bedsides	n	bedside _s
bedsits	n	bedsit _s
bedsitters	n	bedsitter _s
bedsores	n	bedsore _s
bedspreads	n	bedspread _s
bedsteads	n	bedstead _s
bedtimes	n	bedtime _s
beeches	n	beech _s
beechnuts	n	beechnut _s
beefburgers	n	beefburger _s
beefcakes	n	beefcake _s
beefed	v	beef _ed
beefing	v	beef _ing
beefs	n	beef _s
beefs	v	beef _es
beefsteaks	n	beefsteak _s
beefy	a	beef _y
beefy	n	beef _y
beehives	n	beehive _s
beekeepers	n	beekeeper _s
beelines	n	beeline _s
been	v	be _en
beeped	v	beep _ed
beepers	n	beeper _s
beeping	v	beep _ing
beeps	n	beep _s
beeps	v	beep _es
beers	n	beer _s
beery	n	beer _y
bees	n	bee _s
bees	v	be _es
beetled	v	beetle _ed
beetles	n	beetle _s
beetles	v	beetle _es
beetroots	n	beetroot _s
beets	n	beet _s
befallen	v	befall _en
befalling	v	befall _ing
befalls	v	befall _es
befits	v	befit _es
befitted	v	befit _ed
befitting	v	befit _ing
befogged	v	befog _ed
befouled	v	befoul _ed
befouling	v	befoul _ing
befouls	v	befoul _es
befriended	v	befriend _ed
befriending	v	befriend _ing
befriends	v	befriend _es
befuddled	v	befuddle _ed
befuddles	v	befuddle _es
begets	v	beget _es
begetter	a	beget _er
begetter	n	beget _er
begetters	n	beget _er _s
begetting	v	beget _ing
beggared	v	beggar _ed
beggaring	v	beggar _ing
beggars	n	beggar _s
beggars	v	beggar _es
begged	v	beg _ed
begging	v	beg _ing
beginner	a	begin _er
beginner	n	begin _er
beginner	o	begin _er
beginners	n	begin _er _s
beginning	v	begin _ing
beginnings	n	beginning _s
begins	n	begin _s
begins	v	begin _es
begonias	n	begonia _s
begrimed	v	begrime _ed
begrudged	v	begrudge _ed
begrudges	v	begrudge _es
begs	v	beg _es
beguiled	v	beguile _ed
beguiles	v	beguile _es
beguines	n	beguine _s
begums	n	begum _s
behaved	v	behave _ed
behaves	v	behave _es
behaviourists	n	behaviourist _s
behaviours	n	behaviour _s
beheaded	v	behead _ed
beheading	v	behead _ing
beheads	v	behead _es
behemoths	n	behemoth _s
behests	n	behest _s
behinds	n	behind _s
beholden	v	behold _en
beholder	n	behold _er
beholders	n	behold _er _s
beholding	v	behold _ing
beholds	v	behold _es
behooved	v	behoove _ed
behooves	v	behoove _es
being	v	be _ing
beings	n	being _s
beings	v	be _es
bejewelled	v	bejewel _ed
belaboured	v	belabour _ed
belabouring	v	belabour _ing
belatedly	r	be_ late _ed _ly
belayed	v	belay _ed
belaying	v	belay _ing
belays	n	belay _s
belched	v	belch _ed
belches	n	belch _s
belches	v	belch _es
belching	v	belch _ing
beleaguered	v	beleaguer _ed
beleaguering	v	beleaguer _ing
belied	v	belie _ed
beliefs	n	belief _s
belies	v	belie _es
believable	a	believe _able
believably	a	believe _able _ly
believably	r	believe _able _ly
believed	v	believe _ed
believer	a	believe _er
believer	n	believe _er
believer	v	believe _er
believers	n	believe _er _s
believes	v	believe _es
belittled	v	belittle _ed
belittles	v	belittle _es
bellboys	n	bellboy _s
belled	v	bell _ed
belles	n	belle _s
belles	v	bell _es
bellhops	n	bellhop _s
bellicosity	n	bellicose _ity
belligerents	n	belligerent _s
belling	v	bell _ing
bellowed	v	bellow _ed
bellowing	v	bellow _ing
bellows	n	bellow _s
bellows	v	bellow _es
bells	n	bell _s
bells	v	bell _es
bellwethers	n	bellwether _s
bellyached	v	bellyache _ed
bellyaches	n	bellyache _s
bellyaches	v	bellyache _es
bellybuttons	n	bellybutton _s
bellyfuls	n	bellyful _s
bellying	v	belly _ing
belonged	v	belong _ed
belonging	v	belong _ing
belongings	n	belonging _s
belongings	v	belong _es
belongs	v	belong _es
beloveds	n	beloved _s
belted	v	belt _ed
belting	v	belt _ing
belts	n	belt _s
belts	v	belt _es
beltways	n	beltway _s
belugas	n	beluga _s
bemoaned	v	bemoan _ed
bemoaning	v	bemoan _ing
bemoans	v	bemoan _es
bemused	v	bemuse _ed
bemuses	v	bemuse _es
benched	v	bench _ed
benches	n	bench _s
benches	v	bench _es
benching	v	bench _ing
benchmarks	n	benchmark _s
benders	n	bender _s
bending	v	bend _ing
bends	n	bend _s
bends	v	bend _es
benedictions	n	benediction _s
benefactions	n	benefaction _s
benefactors	n	benefactor _s
benefactresses	n	benefactress _s
benefices	n	benefice _s
beneficially	r	benefice _al _ly
benefited	v	benefit _ed
benefiting	v	benefit _ing
benefits	n	benefit _s
benefits	v	benefit _es
benevolences	n	benevolence _s
benevolently	r	benevolent _ly
benighted	v	benight _ed
benignity	n	benign _ity
benignly	r	benign _ly
bents	n	bent _s
benumbed	v	benumb _ed
benumbing	v	benumb _ing
bequeathed	v	bequeath _ed
bequeathing	v	bequeath _ing
bequeaths	v	bequeath _es
bequests	n	bequest _s
berated	v	berate _ed
berates	v	berate _es
bereaved	v	bereave _ed
bereavement	a	bereave _ment
bereavement	n	bereave _ment
bereavement	v	bereave _ment
bereavements	n	bereave _ment _s
bereaves	v	bereave _es
berets	n	beret _s
bergs	n	berg _s
berks	n	berk _s
berms	n	berm _s
berthed	v	berth _ed
berthing	v	berth _ing
berths	n	berth _s
berths	v	berth _es
beryls	n	beryl _s
beseeches	v	beseech _es
beseeching	v	beseech _ing
beseeming	v	beseem _ing
besets	v	beset _es
besetting	v	beset _ing
besieged	v	besiege _ed
besiegers	n	besiege _er _s
besieges	v	besiege _es
besmirched	v	besmirch _ed
besmirches	v	besmirch _es
besmirching	v	besmirch _ing
besoms	n	besom _s
bespangled	v	bespangle _ed
bespattered	v	bespatter _ed
bespeaking	v	bespeak _ing
bespeaks	v	bespeak _es
bested	v	best _ed
bestiality	n	bestial _ity
bestiality	v	bestial _ity
besting	v	best _ing
bestirred	v	bestir _ed
bestirring	v	bestir _ing
bestowed	v	bestow _ed
bestowing	v	bestow _ing
bestows	v	bestow _es
bestrides	v	bestride _es
bests	n	best _s
bests	v	best _es
bestsellers	n	bestseller _s
betas	n	beta _s
betokened	v	betoken _ed
betokening	v	betoken _ing
betokens	v	betoken _es
betrayals	n	betrayal _s
betrayed	v	betray _ed
betrayer	n	betray _er
betrayer	v	betray _er
betrayers	n	betray _er _s
betraying	v	betray _ing
betrays	v	betray _es
betrothals	n	betrothal _s
betrothed	v	betroth _ed
betrothing	v	betroth _ing
bets	n	bet _s
bets	v	bet _es
better	a	bet _er
better	n	bet _er
better	o	bet _er
better	r	bet _er
better	v	bet _er
bettered	v	bet _er _ed
bettering	v	bet _er _ing
betterment	n	better _ment
betters	n	bet _er _s
betters	v	bet _er _es
betting	v	bet _ing
bettors	n	bettor _s
bevelled	v	bevel _ed
bevelling	v	bevel _ing
bevels	n	bevel _s
beverages	n	beverage _s
bewailed	v	bewail _ed
bewailing	v	bewail _ing
bewails	v	bewail _es
bewhiskered	v	bewhisker _ed
bewildered	v	bewilder _ed
bewildering	v	bewilder _ing
bewilderment	a	be_ wilder _ment
bewilderment	n	be_ wilder _ment
bewilders	v	bewilder _es
bewitched	v	bewitch _ed
bewitches	v	bewitch _es
bewitching	v	bewitch _ing
beys	n	bey _s
bezels	n	bezel _s
biased	v	bias _ed
biases	n	bias _s
biases	v	bias _es
biasing	v	bias _ing
bibles	n	bible _s
bibliographers	n	bibliographer _s
bibliophiles	n	bibliophile _s
bibs	n	bib _s
bibs	v	bib _es
bicarbonates	n	bicarbonate _s
bicentennials	n	bicentennial _s
bickered	v	bicker _ed
bickering	v	bicker _ing
bickers	n	bicker _s
bicycled	v	bicycle _ed
bicyclers	n	bicycler _s
bicycles	n	bicycle _s
bicycles	v	bicycle _es
bicyclists	n	bicyclist _s
biddable	a	bid _able
bidden	v	bid _den
bidder	n	bid _er
bidders	n	bid _er _s
bidding	v	bid _ing
bides	v	bid _es
bidets	n	bidet _s
biding	v	bid _ing
bids	n	bid _s
bids	v	bid _es
biennially	r	biennium _al _ly
biennials	n	biennial _s
biers	n	bier _s
biffed	v	biff _ed
biffing	v	biff _ing
biffs	n	biff _s
biffs	v	biff _es
bifurcated	v	bifurcate _ed
bifurcates	v	bifurcate _es
bifurcations	n	bifurcation _s
bigamist	n	bigamy _ist
bigamists	n	bigamy _ist _s
bigamous	a	bigamy _ous
bigger	a	big _er
biggest	a	big _est
bigheads	n	bighead _s
bighorns	n	bighorn _s
bights	n	bight _s
bigness	n	big _ness
bigots	n	bigot _s
bigwigs	n	bigwig _s
bijoux	n	bijou _x
biked	v	bike _ed
bikes	n	bike _s
bikes	v	bike _es
bikinis	n	bikini _s
bilaterally	r	bilateral _ly
bilges	n	bilge _s
bilges	v	bilge _es
bilinguals	n	bilingual _s
bilious	a	bile _ous
bilked	v	bilk _ed
bilking	v	bilk _ing
billboards	n	billboard _s
billed	v	bill _ed
billeted	v	billet _ed
billeting	v	billet _ing
billets	n	billet _s
billets	v	billet _es
billfolds	n	billfold _s
billhooks	n	billhook _s
billing	v	bill _ing
billings	n	billing _s
billionaires	n	billionaire _s
billions	n	billion _s
billionths	n	billionth _s
billowed	v	billow _ed
billowing	v	billow _ing
billows	n	billow _s
billows	v	billow _es
billowy	n	billow _y
bills	n	bill _s
bimbos	n	bimbo _s
binder	a	bind _er
binder	n	bind _er
binder	v	bind _er
binders	n	bind _er _s
binding	v	bind _ing
bindings	n	binding _s
binds	n	bind _s
binds	v	bind _es
binged	v	binge _ed
binges	n	binge _s
binges	v	binge _es
binned	v	bin _ed
binning	v	bin _ing
bins	n	bin _s
bins	v	bin _es
biochemists	n	biochemist _s
biodegraded	v	biodegrade _ed
biodegrades	v	biodegrade _es
biographers	n	biographer _s
biographic	a	biography _ic
biographically	r	biography _al _ly
biologically	r	biological _ly
biologists	n	biologist _s
biophysicists	n	biophysicist _s
biospheres	n	biosphere _s
bipeds	n	biped _s
biplanes	n	biplane _s
birched	v	birch _ed
birches	n	birch _s
birches	v	birch _es
birching	v	birch _ing
birdbaths	n	birdbath _s
birdbrains	n	birdbrain _s
birdcages	n	birdcage _s
birded	v	bird _ed
birders	n	birder _s
birdhouses	n	birdhouse _s
birdied	v	birdie _ed
birdieing	v	birdie _ing
birdies	n	birdie _s
birdies	v	birdie _es
birding	v	bird _ing
birds	n	bird _s
birds	v	bird _es
birettas	n	biretta _s
birthdays	n	birthday _s
birthed	v	birth _ed
birthing	v	birth _ing
birthmarks	n	birthmark _s
birthplaces	n	birthplace _s
birthrates	n	birthrate _s
birthrights	n	birthright _s
births	n	birth _s
births	v	birth _es
bis	n	bi _s
biscuits	n	biscuit _s
bisected	v	bisect _ed
bisecting	v	bisect _ing
bisection	n	bisect _ion
bisects	v	bisect _es
bisexuality	n	bisexual _ity
bisexuals	n	bisexual _s
bishoprics	n	bishopric _s
bishops	n	bishop _s
bistros	n	bistro _s
bitched	v	bitch _ed
bitches	n	bitch _s
bitches	v	bitch _es
bitchiness	a	bitch _y _ness
bitchiness	n	bitch _y _ness
bitching	v	bitch _ing
bitchy	a	bitch _y
bitchy	n	bitch _y
bitchy	v	bitch _y
biters	n	biter _s
bites	n	bite _s
bites	v	bite _es
bitingly	r	bite _ing _ly
bitmaps	n	bitmap _s
bits	n	bit _s
bitterest	a	bitter _est
bitterly	a	bitter _ly
bitterly	n	bitter _ly
bitterly	r	bitter _ly
bitterly	v	bitter _ly
bitterness	a	bitter _ness
bitterness	n	bitter _ness
bitterness	r	bitter _ness
bitterness	v	bitter _ness
bitterns	n	bittern _s
bitters	n	bitter _s
bitty	a	bit _y
bitty	n	bit _y
bitty	r	bit _y
bituminous	a	bitumen _ous
bivalves	n	bivalve _s
bivouacked	v	bivouac _ed
bivouacking	v	bivouac _ing
bivouacs	n	bivouac _s
bizarrely	r	bizarre _ly
blabbed	v	blab _ed
blabbered	v	blabber _ed
blabbering	v	blabber _ing
blabbers	n	blabber _s
blabbing	v	blab _ing
blabs	v	blab _es
blackamoors	n	blackamoor _s
blackballed	v	blackball _ed
blackballing	v	blackball _ing
blackberrying	v	blackberry _ing
blackbirds	n	blackbird _s
blackboards	n	blackboard _s
blacked	v	black _ed
blackened	v	blacken _ed
blackening	v	blacken _ing
blackens	v	blacken _es
blacker	a	black _er
blackest	a	black _est
blackguards	n	blackguard _s
blackheads	n	blackhead _s
blacking	v	black _ing
blackjacks	n	blackjack _s
blacklegs	n	blackleg _s
blacklisted	v	blacklist _ed
blacklisting	v	blacklist _ing
blacklists	n	blacklist _s
blacklists	v	blacklist _es
blackly	a	black _ly
blackly	r	black _ly
blackmailed	v	blackmail _ed
blackmailer	n	blackmail _er
blackmailers	n	blackmail _er _s
blackmailing	v	blackmail _ing
blackmails	n	blackmail _s
blackmails	v	blackmail _es
blackness	a	black _ness
blackness	n	black _ness
blackness	r	black _ness
blackness	v	black _ness
blackouts	n	blackout _s
blacks	n	black _s
blacks	v	black _es
blacksmiths	n	blacksmith _s
blackthorns	n	blackthorn _s
bladders	n	bladder _s
blades	n	blade _s
blahs	n	blah _s
blamed	v	blame _ed
blameless	a	blame _less
blameless	n	blame _less
blameless	o	blame _less
blameless	r	blame _less
blameless	v	blame _less
blamelessly	r	blame _less _ly
blames	n	blame _s
blames	v	blame _es
blanched	v	blanch _ed
blanches	v	blanch _es
blanching	v	blanch _ing
blancmanges	n	blancmange _s
blander	a	bland _er
blandest	a	bland _est
blandishing	v	blandish _ing
blandishments	n	blandishment _s
blandly	r	bland _ly
blandness	a	bland _ness
blandness	n	bland _ness
blandness	v	bland _ness
blanked	v	blank _ed
blankest	a	blank _est
blanketed	v	blanket _ed
blanketing	v	blanket _ing
blankets	n	blanket _s
blankets	v	blanket _es
blanking	v	blank _ing
blankly	a	blank _ly
blankly	n	blank _ly
blankly	r	blank _ly
blankly	v	blank _ly
blankness	n	blank _ness
blanks	n	blank _s
blanks	v	blank _es
blared	v	blare _ed
blares	n	blare _s
blares	v	blare _es
blasphemed	v	blaspheme _ed
blasphemer	n	blaspheme _er
blasphemers	n	blaspheme _er _s
blasphemes	v	blaspheme _es
blasphemous	a	blasphemy _ous
blasphemously	r	blasphemy _ous _ly
blasted	v	blast _ed
blasters	n	blaster _s
blasting	v	blast _ing
blasts	n	blast _s
blasts	v	blast _es
blatantly	r	blatant _ly
blathered	v	blather _ed
blathering	v	blather _ing
blathers	n	blather _s
blathers	v	blather _es
blazed	v	blaze _ed
blazer	a	blaze _er
blazer	n	blaze _er
blazer	r	blaze _er
blazer	v	blaze _er
blazers	n	blaze _er _s
blazes	n	blaze _s
blazes	v	blaze _es
blazoned	v	blazon _ed
blazoning	v	blazon _ing
blazons	n	blazon _s
blazons	v	blazon _es
bleached	v	bleach _ed
bleachers	n	bleach _er _s
bleaches	n	bleach _s
bleaches	v	bleach _es
bleaching	v	bleach _ing
bleaker	a	bleak _er
bleakest	a	bleak _est
bleakly	a	bleak _ly
bleakly	n	bleak _ly
bleakly	r	bleak _ly
blearily	n	bleary _ly
blearily	r	bleary _ly
bleated	v	bleat _ed
bleating	v	bleat _ing
bleats	n	bleat _s
bleats	v	bleat _es
bleeder	n	bleed _er
bleeder	v	bleed _er
bleeders	n	bleed _er _s
bleeding	v	bleed _ing
bleeds	v	bleed _es
bleeped	v	bleep _ed
bleeping	v	bleep _ing
bleeps	n	bleep _s
bleeps	v	bleep _es
blemished	v	blemish _ed
blemishes	n	blemish _s
blemishes	v	blemish _es
blemishing	v	blemish _ing
blenched	v	blench _ed
blenching	v	blench _ing
blended	v	blend _ed
blender	n	blend _er
blenders	n	blend _er _s
blending	v	blend _ing
blends	n	blend _s
blends	v	blend _es
blessed	v	bless _ed
blessedly	r	bless _ed _ly
blessedness	n	bless _ed _ness
blessedness	r	bless _ed _ness
blesses	v	bless _es
blessing	v	bless _ing
blessings	n	blessing _s
blessings	v	bless _es
blighted	v	blight _ed
blighter	n	blight _er
blighters	n	blight _er _s
blighting	v	blight _ing
blights	n	blight _s
blights	v	blight _es
blimps	n	blimp _s
blinded	v	blind _ed
blinders	n	blinder _s
blindest	a	blind _est
blindfolded	v	blindfold _ed
blindfolding	v	blindfold _ing
blindfolds	n	blindfold _s
blindfolds	v	blindfold _es
blinding	v	blind _ing
blindly	n	blind _ly
blindly	r	blind _ly
blindness	a	blind _ness
blindness	n	blind _ness
blindness	r	blind _ness
blindness	v	blind _ness
blinds	n	blind _s
blinds	v	blind _es
blindsided	v	blindside _ed
blindsides	v	blindside _es
blinis	n	blini _s
blinked	v	blink _ed
blinkered	v	blinker _ed
blinkering	v	blinker _ing
blinkers	n	blinker _s
blinking	v	blink _ing
blinks	n	blink _s
blinks	v	blink _es
blintzes	n	blintz _s
blips	n	blip _s
blissful	a	bliss _ful
blissful	n	bliss _ful
blissful	v	bliss _ful
blissfully	r	bliss _ful _ly
blistered	v	blister _ed
blistering	v	blister _ing
blisters	n	blister _s
blisters	v	blister _es
blithely	r	blithe _ly
blithering	v	blither _ing
blithest	a	blithe _st
blitzed	v	blitz _ed
blitzes	n	blitz _s
blitzes	v	blitz _es
blitzing	v	blitz _ing
blizzards	n	blizzard _s
bloated	v	bloat _ed
bloaters	n	bloat _er _s
bloating	v	bloat _ing
bloats	n	bloat _s
bloats	v	bloat _es
blobbed	v	blob _ed
blobbing	v	blob _ing
blobs	n	blob _s
blobs	v	blob _es
blockaded	v	blockade _ed
blockades	n	blockade _s
blockades	v	blockade _es
blockages	n	blockage _s
blockbusters	n	blockbuster _s
blocked	v	block _ed
blockers	n	blocker _s
blockheads	n	blockhead _s
blockhouses	n	blockhouse _s
blocking	v	block _ing
blocks	n	block _s
blocks	v	block _es
blocs	n	bloc _s
bloggers	n	blogger _s
blogs	n	blog _s
blogs	v	blog _es
blokes	n	bloke _s
blonder	a	blond _er
blondes	n	blonde _s
blondest	a	blond _est
blonds	n	blond _s
bloodbaths	n	bloodbath _s
blooded	v	blood _ed
bloodhounds	n	bloodhound _s
bloodily	a	blood _y _ly
bloodily	r	blood _y _ly
blooding	v	blood _ing
bloodless	a	blood _less
bloodless	n	blood _less
bloodless	v	blood _less
bloodlines	n	bloodline _s
bloods	n	blood _s
bloodstains	n	bloodstain _s
bloodstreams	n	bloodstream _s
bloodsuckers	n	bloodsucker _s
bloody	a	blood _y
bloody	n	blood _y
bloody	r	blood _y
bloody	v	blood _y
bloodying	v	blood _y _ing
bloomed	v	bloom _ed
bloomer	a	bloom _er
bloomer	n	bloom _er
bloomer	v	bloom _er
bloomers	n	bloom _er _s
blooming	v	bloom _ing
blooms	n	bloom _s
blooms	v	bloom _es
bloopers	n	blooper _s
blossomed	v	blossom _ed
blossoming	v	blossom _ing
blossoms	n	blossom _s
blossoms	v	blossom _es
blotched	v	blotch _ed
blotches	n	blotch _s
blotches	v	blotch _es
blotchy	a	blotch _y
blotchy	n	blotch _y
blotchy	r	blotch _y
blots	n	blot _s
blots	v	blot _es
blotted	v	blot _ed
blotter	n	blot _er
blotters	n	blot _er _s
blotting	v	blot _ing
blouses	n	blouse _s
blower	a	blow _er
blower	n	blow _er
blower	v	blow _er
blowers	n	blow _er _s
blowguns	n	blowgun _s
blowhards	n	blowhard _s
blowholes	n	blowhole _s
blowing	v	blow _ing
blowjobs	n	blowjob _s
blown	v	blow _n
blowouts	n	blowout _s
blowpipes	n	blowpipe _s
blows	n	blow _s
blows	v	blow _es
blowtorches	n	blowtorch _s
blowups	n	blowup _s
blowy	n	blow _y
blubbered	v	blubber _ed
blubbering	v	blubber _ing
blubbers	n	blubber _s
blubbers	v	blubber _es
bludgeoned	v	bludgeon _ed
bludgeoning	v	bludgeon _ing
bludgeons	n	bludgeon _s
bludgeons	v	bludgeon _es
bluebells	n	bluebell _s
bluebirds	n	bluebird _s
bluebonnets	n	bluebonnet _s
bluebottles	n	bluebottle _s
blued	v	blue _ed
bluegills	n	bluegill _s
bluejackets	n	bluejacket _s
blueness	n	blue _ness
bluenoses	n	bluenose _s
blueprinted	v	blueprint _ed
blueprints	n	blueprint _s
blueprints	v	blueprint _es
bluer	a	blue _r
blues	n	blue _s
blues	v	blue _es
bluest	a	blue _st
bluestockings	n	bluestocking _s
bluffed	v	bluff _ed
bluffer	n	bluff _er
bluffers	n	bluff _er _s
bluffest	a	bluff _est
bluffing	v	bluff _ing
bluffs	n	bluff _s
blunderbusses	n	blunderbuss _s
blundered	v	blunder _ed
blunderers	n	blunderer _s
blundering	v	blunder _ing
blunders	n	blunder _s
blunders	v	blunder _es
blunted	v	blunt _ed
blunter	a	blunt _er
bluntest	a	blunt _est
blunting	v	blunt _ing
bluntly	n	blunt _ly
bluntly	r	blunt _ly
bluntness	n	blunt _ness
blunts	v	blunt _es
blurbs	n	blurb _s
blurred	v	blur _ed
blurring	v	blur _ing
blurs	n	blur _s
blurs	v	blur _es
blurted	v	blurt _ed
blurting	v	blurt _ing
blurts	v	blurt _es
blushed	v	blush _ed
blushers	n	blusher _s
blushes	n	blush _s
blushes	v	blush _es
blushing	v	blush _ing
blustered	v	bluster _ed
blusterers	n	blusterer _s
blustering	v	bluster _ing
blusters	n	bluster _s
blusters	v	bluster _es
blustery	a	blust _er _y
blustery	n	blust _er _y
blustery	r	blust _er _y
boarded	v	board _ed
boarder	n	board _er
boarders	n	board _er _s
boarding	v	board _ing
boardinghouses	n	boardinghouse _s
boardrooms	n	boardroom _s
boards	n	board _s
boards	v	board _es
boardwalks	n	boardwalk _s
boars	n	boar _s
boas	n	boa _s
boasted	v	boast _ed
boaster	n	boast _er
boasters	n	boast _er _s
boastful	a	boast _ful
boastful	n	boast _ful
boastful	v	boast _ful
boastfully	r	boast _ful _ly
boastfulness	a	boast _ful _ness
boastfulness	n	boast _ful _ness
boasting	v	boast _ing
boasts	n	boast _s
boasts	v	boast _es
boated	v	boat _ed
boater	n	boat _er
boaters	n	boat _er _s
boathouses	n	boathouse _s
boating	v	boat _ing
boatloads	n	boatload _s
boats	n	boat _s
boats	v	boat _es
boatswains	n	boatswain _s
boatyards	n	boatyard _s
bobbed	v	bob _ed
bobbing	v	bob _ing
bobbins	n	bobbin _s
bobbled	v	bobble _ed
bobbles	n	bobble _s
bobbles	v	bobble _es
bobcats	n	bobcat _s
bobs	n	bob _s
bobs	v	bob _es
bobsleds	n	bobsled _s
bobsleds	v	bobsled _es
bobsleighs	n	bobsleigh _s
bobtails	n	bobtail _s
boded	v	bode _ed
bodegas	n	bodega _s
bodes	v	bode _es
bodged	v	bodge _ed
bodices	n	bodice _s
bodkins	n	bodkin _s
bods	n	bod _s
bodybuilders	n	bodybuilder _s
bodyguards	n	bodyguard _s
boffins	n	boffin _s
bogeyed	v	bogey _ed
bogeying	v	bogey _ing
bogeys	n	bogey _s
bogeys	v	bogey _es
boggled	v	boggle _ed
boggles	v	boggle _es
boggy	a	bog _y
boggy	n	bog _y
boggy	r	bog _y
boggy	v	bog _y
bogs	n	bog _s
bogs	v	bog _es
bohemians	n	bohemian _s
boiled	v	boil _ed
boiler	a	boil _er
boiler	n	boil _er
boiler	o	boil _er
boilers	n	boil _er _s
boiling	v	boil _ing
boilings	n	boiling _s
boils	n	boil _s
boils	v	boil _es
boisterously	r	boisterous _ly
boisterousness	n	boisterous _ness
bolas	n	bola _s
bolder	a	bold _er
boldest	a	bold _est
boldfaced	v	boldface _ed
boldly	r	bold _ly
boldness	n	bold _ness
boldness	v	bold _ness
boleros	n	bolero _s
boles	n	bole _s
bolivares	n	bolivar _s
bolivars	n	bolivar _s
bollards	n	bollard _s
bollixed	v	bollix _ed
bollocks	n	bollock _s
bolls	n	boll _s
bolstered	v	bolster _ed
bolstering	v	bolster _ing
bolsters	n	bolster _s
bolsters	v	bolster _es
bolted	v	bolt _ed
bolting	v	bolt _ing
bolts	n	bolt _s
bolts	v	bolt _es
boluses	n	bolus _s
bombarded	v	bombard _ed
bombardiers	n	bombardier _s
bombarding	v	bombard _ing
bombardment	a	bombard _ment
bombardment	n	bombard _ment
bombardment	v	bombard _ment
bombardments	n	bombard _ment _s
bombards	n	bombard _s
bombards	v	bombard _es
bombastic	a	bombast _ic
bombed	v	bomb _ed
bomber	a	bomb _er
bomber	n	bomb _er
bomber	o	bomb _er
bomber	v	bomb _er
bombers	n	bomb _er _s
bombing	v	bomb _ing
bombings	n	bombing _s
bombings	v	bomb _es
bombs	n	bomb _s
bombs	v	bomb _es
bombshells	n	bombshell _s
bonanzas	n	bonanza _s
bonbons	n	bonbon _s
bonces	n	bonce _s
bonded	v	bond _ed
bondholders	n	bondholder _s
bonding	v	bond _ing
bonds	n	bond _s
bonds	v	bond _es
boned	v	bone _ed
boneheads	n	bonehead _s
boneless	a	bone _less
boneless	n	bone _less
boner	n	bone _er
boners	n	bone _er _s
bones	n	bone _s
bones	v	bone _es
boneshakers	n	boneshaker _s
bonfires	n	bonfire _s
bongos	n	bongo _s
bongs	n	bong _s
bongs	v	bong _es
bonked	v	bonk _ed
bonking	v	bonk _ing
bonks	v	bonk _es
bonnets	n	bonnet _s
bonobos	n	bonobo _s
bonuses	n	bonus _s
bony	a	bone _y
bony	n	bone _y
bony	r	bone _y
bony	v	bone _y
boobed	v	boob _ed
boobs	n	boob _s
boobs	v	boob _es
boodles	n	boodle _s
booed	v	boo _ed
boogers	n	booger _s
boogied	v	boogie _ed
boogieing	v	boogie _ing
boogies	n	boogie _s
boogies	v	boogie _es
booing	v	boo _ing
bookable	a	book _able
bookable	n	book _able
bookbinders	n	bookbinder _s
bookcases	n	bookcase _s
booked	v	book _ed
bookends	n	bookend _s
bookies	n	bookie _s
booking	v	book _ing
bookings	n	booking _s
bookings	v	book _es
bookkeepers	n	bookkeeper _s
booklets	n	booklet _s
bookmakers	n	bookmaker _s
bookmarks	n	bookmark _s
bookplates	n	bookplate _s
books	n	book _s
books	v	book _es
booksellers	n	bookseller _s
bookshops	n	bookshop _s
bookstalls	n	bookstall _s
bookstores	n	bookstore _s
bookworms	n	bookworm _s
boomed	v	boom _ed
boomeranged	v	boomerang _ed
boomeranging	v	boomerang _ing
boomerangs	n	boomerang _s
boomers	n	boomer _s
booming	v	boom _ing
booms	n	boom _s
booms	v	boom _es
boondoggles	n	boondoggle _s
boons	n	boon _s
boorishness	n	boorish _ness
boors	n	boor _s
boos	n	boo _s
boos	v	boo _es
boosted	v	boost _ed
booster	a	boost _er
booster	n	boost _er
booster	r	boost _er
booster	v	boost _er
boosters	n	boost _er _s
boosting	v	boost _ing
boosts	n	boost _s
boosts	v	boost _es
booted	v	boot _ed
bootees	n	bootee _s
booths	n	booth _s
booting	v	boot _ing
bootlaces	n	bootlace _s
bootlegged	v	bootleg _ed
bootlegger	n	bootleg _er
bootleggers	n	bootleg _er _s
bootlegging	v	bootleg _ing
bootlegs	n	bootleg _s
bootlegs	v	bootleg _es
boots	n	boot _s
boots	v	boot _es
bootstraps	n	bootstrap _s
boozed	v	booze _ed
boozer	n	booze _er
boozers	n	booze _er _s
boozes	n	booze _s
boozy	a	booze _y
boozy	n	booze _y
boozy	v	booze _y
bopped	v	bop _ed
bopping	v	bop _ing
bops	n	bop _s
bops	v	bop _es
bordellos	n	bordello _s
bordered	v	border _ed
bordering	v	border _ing
borderlands	n	borderland _s
borderlines	n	borderline _s
borders	n	border _s
borders	v	border _es
bored	v	bore _ed
borer	n	bore _er
borers	n	bore _er _s
bores	n	bore _s
bores	v	bore _es
boroughs	n	borough _s
borrowed	v	borrow _ed
borrower	a	borrow _er
borrower	n	borrow _er
borrower	v	borrow _er
borrowers	n	borrow _er _s
borrowing	v	borrow _ing
borrowings	n	borrowing _s
borrows	v	borrow _es
borstals	n	borstal _s
bosoms	n	bosom _s
boss	n	bos _s
bossed	v	boss _ed
bosses	n	boss _s
bosses	v	boss _es
bossiness	n	boss _y _ness
bossing	v	boss _ing
bossy	a	boss _y
bossy	n	boss _y
bossy	o	boss _y
botanist	a	botany _ist
botanist	n	botany _ist
botanist	v	botany _ist
botanists	n	botany _ist _s
botched	v	botch _ed
botches	n	botch _s
botches	v	botch _es
botching	v	botch _ing
bothered	v	bother _ed
bothering	v	bother _ing
bothers	n	bother _s
bothers	v	bother _es
bots	n	bot _s
bottled	v	bottle _ed
bottlenecks	n	bottleneck _s
bottlenecks	v	bottleneck _es
bottlers	n	bottler _s
bottles	n	bottle _s
bottles	v	bottle _es
bottomed	v	bottom _ed
bottoming	v	bottom _ing
bottomless	a	bottom _less
bottomless	n	bottom _less
bottomless	o	bottom _less
bottoms	n	bottom _s
bottoms	v	bottom _es
boudoirs	n	boudoir _s
bouffants	n	bouffant _s
bougainvilleas	n	bougainvillea _s
boughs	n	bough _s
bouillons	n	bouillon _s
boulders	n	boulder _s
boules	n	boule _s
boulevards	n	boulevard _s
bounced	v	bounce _ed
bouncer	n	bounce _er
bouncer	v	bounce _er
bouncers	n	bounce _er _s
bounces	n	bounce _s
bounces	v	bounce _es
bouncy	a	bounce _y
bouncy	n	bounce _y
bouncy	v	bounce _y
bounded	v	bound _ed
bounder	n	bound _er
bounders	n	bound _er _s
bounding	v	bound _ing
boundless	a	bound _less
boundless	n	bound _less
boundless	v	bound _less
bounds	n	bound _s
bounds	v	bound _es
bountiful	a	bounty _ful
bountiful	n	bounty _ful
bountiful	v	bounty _ful
bountifully	r	bounty _ful _ly
bouquets	n	bouquet _s
bourbons	n	bourbon _s
boutiques	n	boutique _s
boutonnieres	n	boutonniere _s
bouts	n	bout _s
bovines	n	bovine _s
bowdlerized	v	bowdlerize _ed
bowed	v	bow _ed
bowels	n	bowel _s
bowers	n	bower _s
bowers	v	bower _es
bowing	v	bow _ing
bowled	v	bowl _ed
bowlegs	n	bowleg _s
bowler	a	bowl _er
bowler	n	bowl _er
bowler	o	bowl _er
bowler	r	bowl _er
bowler	v	bowl _er
bowlers	n	bowl _er _s
bowlfuls	n	bowlful _s
bowling	v	bowl _ing
bowls	n	bowl _s
bowls	v	bowl _es
bows	n	bow _s
bows	v	bow _es
bowsprits	n	bowsprit _s
bowstrings	n	bowstring _s
boxcars	n	boxcar _s
boxed	v	box _ed
boxer	a	box _er
boxer	n	box _er
boxer	o	box _er
boxer	r	box _er
boxer	v	box _er
boxers	n	box _er _s
boxes	n	box _s
boxes	v	box _es
boxing	v	box _ing
boycotted	v	boycott _ed
boycotting	v	boycott _ing
boycotts	n	boycott _s
boycotts	v	boycott _es
boyfriends	n	boyfriend _s
boyishly	a	boy _ish _ly
boyishly	r	boy _ish _ly
boys	n	boy _s
bozos	n	bozo _s
braced	v	brace _ed
bracelets	n	bracelet _s
braceros	n	bracero _s
bracers	n	bracer _s
braces	n	brace _s
braces	v	brace _es
bracketed	v	bracket _ed
bracketing	v	bracket _ing
brackets	n	bracket _s
brackets	v	bracket _es
bracts	n	bract _s
brads	n	brad _s
braes	n	brae _s
braggadocios	n	braggadocio _s
braggarts	n	braggart _s
bragged	v	brag _ed
braggers	n	bragger _s
bragging	v	brag _ing
brags	n	brag _s
brags	v	brag _es
braided	v	braid _ed
braiding	v	braid _ing
braids	n	braid _s
braids	v	braid _es
brainchildren	n	brainchild _ren
brained	v	brain _ed
braining	v	brain _ing
brainless	a	brain _less
brainless	n	brain _less
brainless	r	brain _less
brains	n	brain _s
brains	v	brain _es
brainstormed	v	brainstorm _ed
brainstorming	v	brainstorm _ing
brainstorms	n	brainstorm _s
brainstorms	v	brainstorm _es
brainwashed	v	brainwash _ed
brainwashes	v	brainwash _es
brainwashing	v	brainwash _ing
brainwaves	n	brainwave _s
brainy	a	brain _y
brainy	n	brain _y
brainy	r	brain _y
brainy	v	brain _y
braised	v	braise _ed
braises	v	braise _es
braked	v	brake _ed
brakes	n	brake _s
brakes	v	brake _es
brambles	n	bramble _s
branched	v	branch _ed
branches	n	branch _s
branches	v	branch _es
branching	v	branch _ing
branded	v	brand _ed
branding	v	brand _ing
brandished	v	brandish _ed
brandishes	n	brandish _s
brandishes	v	brandish _es
brandishing	v	brandish _ing
brands	n	brand _s
brands	v	brand _es
bras	n	bra _s
brasher	a	brash _er
brashest	a	brash _est
brashly	a	brash _ly
brashly	r	brash _ly
brashness	n	brash _ness
brasseries	n	brasserie _s
brasses	n	brass _s
brassieres	n	brassiere _s
brassy	a	brass _y
brassy	n	brass _y
brats	n	brat _s
bratwursts	n	bratwurst _s
braved	v	brave _ed
bravely	r	brave _ly
braver	a	brave _r
braves	n	brave _s
braves	v	brave _es
bravest	a	brave _st
bravos	n	bravo _s
bravos	v	bravo _es
brawled	v	brawl _ed
brawler	n	brawl _er
brawlers	n	brawl _er _s
brawling	v	brawl _ing
brawls	n	brawl _s
brawls	v	brawl _es
brawny	a	brawn _y
brawny	n	brawn _y
brayed	v	bray _ed
braying	v	bray _ing
brays	n	bray _s
brays	v	bray _es
brazed	v	braze _ed
brazened	v	brazen _ed
brazening	v	brazen _ing
brazenly	r	brazen _ly
brazens	v	brazen _es
braziers	n	brazier _s
breached	v	breach _ed
breaches	n	breach _s
breaches	v	breach _es
breaching	v	breach _ing
breadbaskets	n	breadbasket _s
breadboards	n	breadboard _s
breadcrumbs	n	breadcrumb _s
breaded	v	bread _ed
breading	v	bread _ing
breadlines	n	breadline _s
breads	n	bread _s
breads	v	bread _es
breadths	n	breadth _s
breadwinners	n	breadwinner _s
breakable	a	break _able
breakables	n	breakable _s
breakages	n	breakage _s
breakaways	n	breakaway _s
breakdowns	n	breakdown _s
breaker	n	break _er
breakers	n	break _er _s
breakfasted	v	breakfast _ed
breakfasting	v	breakfast _ing
breakfasts	n	breakfast _s
breakfasts	v	breakfast _es
breaking	v	break _ing
breakouts	n	breakout _s
breaks	n	break _s
breaks	v	break _es
breakthroughs	n	breakthrough _s
breakups	n	breakup _s
breakwaters	n	breakwater _s
breams	n	bream _s
breastbones	n	breastbone _s
breasted	v	breast _ed
breastfeeding	v	breastfeed _ing
breastfeeds	v	breastfeed _es
breasting	v	breast _ing
breastplates	n	breastplate _s
breasts	n	breast _s
breasts	v	breast _es
breastworks	n	breastwork _s
breathalysers	n	breathalyser _s
breathalyzed	v	breathalyze _ed
breathed	v	breathe _ed
breather	a	breathe _er
breather	n	breathe _er
breather	r	breathe _er
breather	v	breathe _er
breathers	n	breathe _er _s
breathes	v	breathe _es
breathless	a	breath _less
breathless	n	breath _less
breathless	r	breath _less
breathless	v	breath _less
breathlessly	r	breath _less _ly
breathlessness	n	breath _less _ness
breaths	n	breath _s
breathtakingly	r	breathtake _ing _ly
breathy	a	breath _y
breathy	n	breath _y
breeches	n	breech _s
breeder	a	breed _er
breeder	n	breed _er
breeders	n	breed _er _s
breeding	v	breed _ing
breeds	n	breed _s
breeds	v	breed _es
breezed	v	breeze _ed
breezes	n	breeze _s
breezes	v	breeze _es
breezily	r	breeze _y _ly
breezy	a	breeze _y
breezy	n	breeze _y
breezy	o	breeze _y
breezy	v	breeze _y
breves	n	breve _s
brevets	n	brevet _s
brevity	n	brief _ity
brewed	v	brew _ed
brewer	a	brew _er
brewer	n	brew _er
brewer	v	brew _er
brewers	n	brew _er _s
brewing	v	brew _ing
brewpubs	n	brewpub _s
brews	n	brew _s
brews	v	brew _es
bribed	v	bribe _ed
bribers	n	briber _s
bribes	n	bribe _s
bribes	v	bribe _es
brickbats	n	brickbat _s
bricklayers	n	bricklayer _s
bricks	n	brick _s
brickyards	n	brickyard _s
bridal	a	bride _al
bridal	n	bride _al
bridals	n	bride _al _s
bridegrooms	n	bridegroom _s
brides	n	bride _s
bridesmaids	n	bridesmaid _s
bridged	v	bridge _ed
bridgeheads	n	bridgehead _s
bridges	n	bridge _s
bridges	v	bridge _es
bridled	v	bridle _ed
bridles	n	bridle _s
bridles	v	bridle _es
briefcases	n	briefcase _s
briefed	v	brief _ed
briefer	a	brief _er
briefest	a	brief _est
briefing	v	brief _ing
briefings	n	briefing _s
briefings	v	brief _es
briefly	a	brief _ly
briefly	n	brief _ly
briefly	o	brief _ly
briefly	r	brief _ly
briefly	v	brief _ly
briefs	n	brief _s
briefs	v	brief _es
briers	n	brier _s
brigades	n	brigade _s
brigades	v	brigade _es
brigadiers	n	brigadier _s
brigands	n	brigand _s
brightened	v	brighten _ed
brightening	v	brighten _ing
brightens	v	brighten _es
brighter	a	bright _er
brightest	a	bright _est
brightly	n	bright _ly
brightly	r	bright _ly
brightness	a	bright _ness
brightness	n	bright _ness
brightness	o	bright _ness
brightness	r	bright _ness
brightness	v	bright _ness
brigs	n	brig _s
brilliantly	a	brilliant _ly
brilliantly	r	brilliant _ly
brimful	a	brim _ful
brimful	n	brim _ful
brimmed	v	brim _ed
brimming	v	brim _ing
brims	n	brim _s
brims	v	brim _es
bringing	v	bring _ing
brings	v	bring _es
brinks	n	brink _s
briny	a	brine _y
briny	n	brine _y
brioches	n	brioche _s
briquettes	n	briquette _s
brisker	a	brisk _er
briskest	a	brisk _est
briskets	n	brisket _s
briskly	a	brisk _ly
briskly	n	brisk _ly
briskly	r	brisk _ly
briskly	v	brisk _ly
briskness	n	brisk _ness
bristled	v	bristle _ed
bristles	n	bristle _s
bristles	v	bristle _es
bristly	r	bristle _y
broached	v	broach _ed
broaches	n	broach _s
broaches	v	broach _es
broaching	v	broach _ing
broadcaster	n	broadcast _er
broadcaster	v	broadcast _er
broadcasters	n	broadcast _er _s
broadcasting	v	broadcast _ing
broadcasts	n	broadcast _s
broadcasts	v	broadcast _es
broadened	v	broaden _ed
broadening	v	broaden _ing
broadens	v	broaden _es
broader	a	broad _er
broadest	a	broad _est
broadly	a	broad _ly
broadly	n	broad _ly
broadly	r	broad _ly
broadness	n	broad _ness
broads	n	broad _s
broadsheets	n	broadsheet _s
broadsided	v	broadside _ed
broadsides	n	broadside _s
broadsides	v	broadside _es
broadswords	n	broadsword _s
brocaded	v	brocade _ed
brocades	n	brocade _s
brochettes	n	brochette _s
brochures	n	brochure _s
brogans	n	brogan _s
brogues	n	brogue _s
broiled	v	broil _ed
broiler	n	broil _er
broilers	n	broil _er _s
broiling	v	broil _ing
broils	n	broil _s
broils	v	broil _es
brokenly	r	broke _en _ly
brokenness	n	broke _en _ness
broker	a	broke _r
brokerages	n	brokerage _s
brokered	v	broker _ed
brokering	v	broker _ing
brokers	n	broker _s
brokers	v	broker _es
bromides	n	bromide _s
broncos	n	bronco _s
broncs	n	bronc _s
brontosaurs	n	brontosaur _s
bronzed	v	bronze _ed
bronzes	n	bronze _s
bronzes	v	bronze _es
brooches	n	brooch _s
brooches	v	brooch _es
brooded	v	brood _ed
broodiness	a	brood _y _ness
broodiness	n	brood _y _ness
brooding	v	brood _ing
broodmares	n	broodmare _s
broods	n	brood _s
broods	v	brood _es
broody	a	brood _y
broody	n	brood _y
brooked	v	brook _ed
brooking	v	brook _ing
brooks	n	brook _s
brooks	v	brook _es
brooms	n	broom _s
brooms	v	broom _es
broomsticks	n	broomstick _s
brothels	n	brothel _s
brotherhoods	n	brotherhood _s
brothers	n	brother _s
broths	n	broth _s
broughams	n	brougham _s
brouhahas	n	brouhaha _s
browbeaten	v	browbeat _en
browbeating	v	browbeat _ing
browbeats	v	browbeat _es
browned	v	brown _ed
browner	a	brown _er
brownest	a	brown _est
brownies	n	brownie _s
browning	v	brown _ing
brownouts	n	brownout _s
browns	n	brown _s
browns	v	brown _es
brownstones	n	brownstone _s
brows	n	brow _s
browsed	v	browse _ed
browsers	n	browser _s
browses	n	browse _s
browses	v	browse _es
bruins	n	bruin _s
bruised	v	bruise _ed
bruiser	n	bruise _er
bruiser	v	bruise _er
bruisers	n	bruise _er _s
bruises	n	bruise _s
bruises	v	bruise _es
bruited	v	bruit _ed
bruits	v	bruit _es
brunched	v	brunch _ed
brunches	n	brunch _s
brunches	v	brunch _es
brunching	v	brunch _ing
brunets	n	brunet _s
brunettes	n	brunette _s
brushed	v	brush _ed
brushes	n	brush _s
brushes	v	brush _es
brushing	v	brush _ing
brusquely	r	brusque _ly
brusqueness	n	brusque _ness
brutal	a	brute _al
brutal	n	brute _al
brutal	v	brute _al
brutality	n	brute _al _ity
brutalized	v	brutalize _ed
brutalizes	v	brutalize _es
brutally	r	brute _al _ly
brutes	n	brute _s
bubbled	v	bubble _ed
bubbles	n	bubble _s
bubbles	v	bubble _es
bubbly	n	bubble _y
bubbly	r	bubble _y
buboes	n	bubo _s
buccaneering	v	buccaneer _ing
buccaneers	n	buccaneer _s
buckaroos	n	buckaroo _s
bucked	v	buck _ed
bucketed	v	bucket _ed
bucketfuls	n	bucketful _s
bucketing	v	bucket _ing
buckets	n	bucket _s
buckets	v	bucket _es
buckeyes	n	buckeye _s
bucking	v	buck _ing
buckled	v	buckle _ed
buckler	n	buckle _er
buckler	o	buckle _er
bucklers	n	buckle _er _s
buckles	n	buckle _s
buckles	v	buckle _es
bucks	n	buck _s
bucks	v	buck _es
buckskins	n	buckskin _s
buckyballs	n	buckyball _s
bucolics	n	bucolic _s
budded	v	bud _ed
budding	v	bud _ing
budged	v	budge _ed
budgerigars	n	budgerigar _s
budges	n	budge _s
budges	v	budge _es
budgeted	v	budget _ed
budgeting	v	budget _ing
budgets	n	budget _s
budgets	v	budget _es
budgies	n	budgie _s
buds	n	bud _s
buds	v	bud _es
buffaloed	v	buffalo _ed
buffaloes	n	buffalo _s
buffed	v	buff _ed
buffer	a	buff _er
buffer	n	buff _er
buffer	v	buff _er
buffered	v	buff _er _ed
buffering	v	buff _er _ing
buffers	n	buff _er _s
buffers	v	buff _er _es
buffeted	v	buffet _ed
buffeting	v	buffet _ing
buffetings	n	buffeting _s
buffets	n	buffet _s
buffets	v	buffet _es
buffing	v	buff _ing
buffoons	n	buffoon _s
buffs	n	buff _s
buffs	v	buff _es
bugaboos	n	bugaboo _s
bugbears	n	bugbear _s
bugged	v	bug _ed
bugger	a	bug _er
bugger	n	bug _er
bugger	o	bug _er
bugger	v	bug _er
buggered	v	bug _er _ed
buggering	v	bug _er _ing
buggers	n	bug _er _s
buggers	v	bug _er _es
bugging	v	bug _ing
bugled	v	bugle _ed
bugler	n	bugle _er
buglers	n	bugle _er _s
bugles	n	bugle _s
bugs	n	bug _s
bugs	v	bug _es
builder	a	build _er
builder	n	build _er
builder	r	build _er
builder	v	build _er
builders	n	build _er _s
building	v	build _ing
buildings	n	building _s
buildings	v	build _es
builds	n	build _s
builds	v	build _es
buildups	n	buildup _s
bulbous	a	bulb _ous
bulbs	n	bulb _s
bulged	v	bulge _ed
bulges	n	bulge _s
bulges	v	bulge _es
bulgy	n	bulge _y
bulimics	n	bulimic _s
bulked	v	bulk _ed
bulkheads	n	bulkhead _s
bulkiness	n	bulk _y _ness
bulking	v	bulk _ing
bulks	n	bulk _s
bulks	v	bulk _es
bulky	a	bulk _y
bulky	n	bulk _y
bulky	o	bulk _y
bulky	r	bulk _y
bulky	v	bulk _y
bulldogs	n	bulldog _s
bulldogs	v	bulldog _es
bulldozed	v	bulldoze _ed
bulldozer	n	bulldoze _er
bulldozers	n	bulldoze _er _s
bulldozes	v	bulldoze _es
bulled	v	bull _ed
bulletins	n	bulletin _s
bulletins	v	bulletin _es
bulletproofing	v	bulletproof _ing
bullets	n	bullet _s
bullfighters	n	bullfighter _s
bullfights	n	bullfight _s
bullfinches	n	bullfinch _s
bullfrogs	n	bullfrog _s
bullheads	n	bullhead _s
bullhorns	n	bullhorn _s
bulling	v	bull _ing
bullocks	n	bullock _s
bullpens	n	bullpen _s
bullrings	n	bullring _s
bulls	n	bull _s
bulls	v	bull _es
bullshitted	v	bullshit _ed
bullshitting	v	bullshit _ing
bullying	v	bully _ing
bulrushes	n	bulrush _s
bulwarks	n	bulwark _s
bulwarks	v	bulwark _es
bumblebees	n	bumblebee _s
bumbled	v	bumble _ed
bumblers	n	bumbler _s
bumbles	v	bumble _es
bummed	v	bum _ed
bummer	n	bum _er
bummers	n	bum _er _s
bumming	v	bum _ing
bumped	v	bump _ed
bumper	a	bump _er
bumper	n	bump _er
bumper	o	bump _er
bumper	v	bump _er
bumpers	n	bump _er _s
bumping	v	bump _ing
bumpkins	n	bumpkin _s
bumps	n	bump _s
bumps	v	bump _es
bumptious	a	bump _ous
bumpy	a	bump _y
bumpy	n	bump _y
bumpy	r	bump _y
bumpy	v	bump _y
bums	n	bum _s
bums	v	bum _es
bunched	v	bunch _ed
bunches	n	bunch _s
bunches	v	bunch _es
bunching	v	bunch _ing
bundled	v	bundle _ed
bundles	n	bundle _s
bundles	v	bundle _es
bungalows	n	bungalow _s
bunged	v	bung _ed
bungees	n	bungee _s
bungholes	n	bunghole _s
bunging	v	bung _ing
bungled	v	bungle _ed
bungler	n	bungle _er
bunglers	n	bungle _er _s
bungles	n	bungle _s
bungles	v	bungle _es
bungs	n	bung _s
bungs	v	bung _es
bunions	n	bunion _s
bunked	v	bunk _ed
bunkers	n	bunker _s
bunkers	v	bunker _es
bunking	v	bunk _ing
bunks	n	bunk _s
bunks	v	bunk _es
buns	n	bun _s
bunted	v	bunt _ed
bunting	v	bunt _ing
buntings	n	bunting _s
bunts	n	bunt _s
bunts	v	bunt _es
buoyantly	r	buoy _ant _ly
buoyed	v	buoy _ed
buoying	v	buoy _ing
buoys	n	buoy _s
buoys	v	buoy _es
burbled	v	burble _ed
burbles	v	burble _es
burdened	v	burden _ed
burdening	v	burden _ing
burdens	n	burden _s
burdens	v	burden _es
bureaucratic	a	bureaucrat _ic
bureaucratic	n	bureaucrat _ic
bureaucrats	n	bureaucrat _s
bureaus	n	bureau _s
burgeoned	v	burgeon _ed
burgeoning	v	burgeon _ing
burgers	n	burger _s
burghers	n	burgher _s
burghs	n	burgh _s
burglarized	v	burglarize _ed
burglars	n	burglar _s
burgled	v	burgle _ed
burgles	v	burgle _es
burgs	n	burg _s
burials	n	burial _s
burkas	n	burka _s
burled	v	burl _ed
burlesques	n	burlesque _s
burlesques	v	burlesque _es
burls	n	burl _s
burned	v	burn _ed
burner	a	burn _er
burner	n	burn _er
burners	n	burn _er _s
burning	v	burn _ing
burnished	v	burnish _ed
burnishes	n	burnish _s
burnishes	v	burnish _es
burnishing	v	burnish _ing
burnooses	n	burnoose _s
burns	n	burn _s
burns	v	burn _es
burnt	v	burn _t
burped	v	burp _ed
burping	v	burp _ing
burps	n	burp _s
burps	v	burp _es
burqas	n	burqa _s
burred	v	bur _ed
burring	v	bur _ing
burritos	n	burrito _s
burros	n	burro _s
burrowed	v	burrow _ed
burrowing	v	burrow _ing
burrows	n	burrow _s
burrows	v	burrow _es
burrs	n	burr _s
burrs	v	burr _es
burs	n	bur _s
bursars	n	bursar _s
bursting	v	burst _ing
bursts	n	burst _s
bursts	v	burst _es
burying	v	bury _ing
busboys	n	busboy _s
bused	v	bus _ed
buses	n	bus _s
buses	v	bus _es
bushed	v	bush _ed
bushels	n	bushel _s
bushes	n	bush _s
bushes	v	bush _es
bushing	v	bush _ing
bushings	n	bushing _s
bushwhacked	v	bushwhack _ed
bushwhacking	v	bushwhack _ing
bushy	a	bush _y
bushy	n	bush _y
busily	r	busy _ly
businesses	n	business _s
businesspersons	n	businessperson _s
busing	v	bus _ing
busked	v	busk _ed
busker	n	busk _er
buskers	n	busk _er _s
busking	v	busk _ing
busks	v	busk _es
busloads	n	busload _s
busted	v	bust _ed
buster	a	bust _er
buster	n	bust _er
buster	o	bust _er
buster	r	bust _er
buster	v	bust _er
busters	n	bust _er _s
bustiers	n	bustier _s
busting	v	bust _ing
bustled	v	bustle _ed
bustles	n	bustle _s
bustles	v	bustle _es
busts	n	bust _s
busts	v	bust _es
busying	v	busy _ing
busyness	n	busy _ness
butcher	a	butch _er
butchered	v	butcher _ed
butchering	v	butcher _ing
butchers	n	butcher _s
butchers	v	butcher _es
butches	n	butch _s
butlers	n	butler _s
butted	v	butt _ed
butterballs	n	butterball _s
buttercups	n	buttercup _s
buttered	v	butter _ed
butterflying	v	butterfly _ing
buttering	v	butter _ing
butternuts	n	butternut _s
butters	n	butter _s
butters	v	butter _es
buttes	n	butte _s
buttes	v	butt _es
butting	v	butt _ing
buttocks	n	buttock _s
buttoned	v	button _ed
buttonholed	v	buttonhole _ed
buttonholes	n	buttonhole _s
buttonholes	v	buttonhole _es
buttoning	v	button _ing
buttons	n	button _s
buttons	v	button _es
buttressed	v	buttress _ed
buttresses	n	buttress _s
buttresses	v	buttress _es
buttressing	v	buttress _ing
butts	n	butt _s
butts	v	butt _es
buybacks	n	buyback _s
buyer	n	buy _er
buyers	n	buy _er _s
buying	v	buy _ing
buyouts	n	buyout _s
buys	n	buy _s
buys	v	buy _es
buzzards	n	buzzard _s
buzzed	v	buzz _ed
buzzer	n	buzz _er
buzzers	n	buzz _er _s
buzzes	n	buzz _s
buzzes	v	buzz _es
buzzing	v	buzz _ing
buzzwords	n	buzzword _s
byes	n	bye _s
bygones	n	bygone _s
bylaws	n	bylaw _s
bypassed	v	bypass _ed
bypasses	n	bypass _s
bypasses	v	bypass _es
bypassing	v	bypass _ing
byproducts	n	byproduct _s
byres	n	byre _s
byroads	n	byroad _s
bystanders	n	bystander _s
bytes	n	byte _s
byways	n	byway _s
bywords	n	byword _s
cabals	n	cabal _s
cabanas	n	cabana _s
cabarets	n	cabaret _s
cabbages	n	cabbage _s
cabbages	v	cabbage _es
cabdrivers	n	cabdriver _s
cabers	n	caber _s
cabinetmakers	n	cabinetmaker _s
cabinets	n	cabinet _s
cabins	n	cabin _s
cabins	v	cabin _es
cabled	v	cable _ed
cables	n	cable _s
cables	v	cable _es
cabochons	n	cabochon _s
cabooses	n	caboose _s
cabriolets	n	cabriolet _s
cabs	n	cab _s
cabs	v	cab _es
cabstands	n	cabstand _s
cached	v	cache _ed
caches	n	cache _s
caches	v	cache _es
cackled	v	cackle _ed
cackles	n	cackle _s
cackles	v	cackle _es
cacophonous	a	cacophony _ous
cadaverous	a	cadaver _ous
cadavers	n	cadaver _s
caddying	v	caddy _ing
cadences	n	cadence _s
cadenzas	n	cadenza _s
cadets	n	cadet _s
cadged	v	cadge _ed
cadgers	n	cadger _s
cadres	n	cadre _s
cads	n	cad _s
caesuras	n	caesura _s
cafes	n	cafe _s
cafeterias	n	cafeteria _s
caffs	n	caff _s
caftans	n	caftan _s
caged	v	cage _ed
cages	n	cage _s
cages	v	cage _es
cagey	a	cage _y
cagey	n	cage _y
cagey	r	cage _y
cagey	v	cage _y
cagoules	n	cagoule _s
cahoots	n	cahoot _s
caimans	n	caiman _s
cairns	n	cairn _s
caissons	n	caisson _s
cajoled	v	cajole _ed
cajoles	v	cajole _es
caked	v	cake _ed
cakes	n	cake _s
cakes	v	cake _es
cakewalks	n	cakewalk _s
calabashes	n	calabash _s
calamitous	a	calamity _ous
calcifying	v	calcify _ing
calcimined	v	calcimine _ed
calcined	v	calcine _ed
calculable	a	calculate _able
calculable	v	calculate _able
calculated	v	calculate _ed
calculates	v	calculate _es
calculations	n	calculation _s
calculators	n	calculator _s
calderas	n	caldera _s
calendared	v	calendar _ed
calendaring	v	calendar _ing
calendars	n	calendar _s
calendars	v	calendar _es
calibrated	v	calibrate _ed
calibrates	v	calibrate _es
calibration	n	calibrate _ion
calibrations	n	calibrate _ion _s
calibres	n	calibre _s
calicoes	n	calico _s
calipers	n	caliper _s
caliphates	n	caliphate _s
caliphs	n	caliph _s
callas	n	calla _s
callbacks	n	callback _s
called	v	call _ed
caller	n	call _er
caller	v	call _er
callers	n	call _er _s
calligraphers	n	calligrapher _s
calling	v	call _ing
callings	n	calling _s
calliopes	n	calliope _s
callosity	n	callous _ity
calloused	v	callous _ed
callously	r	callous _ly
callousness	n	callous _ness
calls	n	call _s
calls	v	call _es
callused	v	callus _ed
calluses	n	callus _s
callusing	v	callus _ing
calmed	v	calm _ed
calmer	a	calm _er
calmest	a	calm _est
calming	v	calm _ing
calmly	a	calm _ly
calmly	n	calm _ly
calmly	r	calm _ly
calmly	v	calm _ly
calmness	n	calm _ness
calmness	v	calm _ness
calms	n	calm _s
calms	v	calm _es
calories	n	calorie _s
calumniated	v	calumniate _ed
calved	v	calve _ed
calves	v	calve _es
calypsos	n	calypso _s
cambered	v	camber _ed
cambers	n	camber _s
camcorders	n	camcorder _s
camellias	n	camellia _s
camels	n	camel _s
cameos	n	cameo _s
cameras	n	camera _s
camisoles	n	camisole _s
camouflaged	v	camouflage _ed
camouflages	n	camouflage _s
camouflages	v	camouflage _es
campaigned	v	campaign _ed
campaigner	n	campaign _er
campaigner	v	campaign _er
campaigners	n	campaign _er _s
campaigning	v	campaign _ing
campaigns	n	campaign _s
campaigns	v	campaign _es
campaniles	n	campanile _s
camped	v	camp _ed
camper	a	camp _er
camper	n	camp _er
camper	v	camp _er
campers	n	camp _er _s
campfires	n	campfire _s
campgrounds	n	campground _s
camping	v	camp _ing
camps	n	camp _s
camps	v	camp _es
campsites	n	campsite _s
campuses	n	campus _s
cams	n	cam _s
camshafts	n	camshaft _s
canalize	v	canal _ize
canalized	v	canal _ize _ed
canals	n	canal _s
canals	v	canal _es
canapes	n	canape _s
canards	n	canard _s
cancellations	n	cancellation _s
cancelled	v	cancel _ed
cancelling	v	cancel _ing
cancels	n	cancel _s
cancels	v	cancel _es
cancerous	a	cancer _ous
cancers	n	cancer _s
candelabras	n	candelabra _s
candidates	n	candidate _s
candidatures	n	candidature _s
candidly	r	candid _ly
candled	v	candle _ed
candles	n	candle _s
candles	v	candle _es
candlesticks	n	candlestick _s
candying	v	candy _ing
caned	v	can _ed
canes	n	cane _s
canes	v	can _es
canines	n	canine _s
caning	v	can _ing
canisters	n	canister _s
cankered	v	canker _ed
cankers	n	canker _s
canned	v	can _ed
cannibalistic	a	cannibal _ism _ic
cannibalize	v	cannibal _ize
cannibalized	v	cannibal _ize _ed
cannibalizes	v	cannibal _ize _es
cannibals	n	cannibal _s
cannily	a	canny _ly
cannily	r	canny _ly
canning	v	can _ing
cannonades	n	cannonade _s
cannonballs	n	cannonball _s
cannoned	v	cannon _ed
cannoning	v	cannon _ing
cannons	n	cannon _s
cannons	v	cannon _es
canoed	v	canoe _ed
canoeing	v	canoe _ing
canoeist	a	canoe _ist
canoeist	n	canoe _ist
canoeist	v	canoe _ist
canoeists	n	canoe _ist _s
canoes	n	canoe _s
canoes	v	canoe _es
canonizations	n	canonization _s
canonize	v	canon _ize
canonized	v	canon _ize _ed
canonizes	v	canon _ize _es
canons	n	canon _s
canoodled	v	canoodle _ed
canoodles	v	canoodle _es
cans	n	can _s
cans	v	can _es
cantaloupes	n	cantaloupe _s
cantatas	n	cantata _s
canted	v	cant _ed
canteens	n	canteen _s
cantered	v	canter _ed
cantering	v	canter _ing
canters	n	canter _s
canters	v	canter _es
canticles	n	canticle _s
cantilevered	v	cantilever _ed
cantilevering	v	cantilever _ing
cantilevers	n	cantilever _s
cantilevers	v	cantilever _es
canting	v	cant _ing
cantonment	a	canton _ment
cantonment	n	canton _ment
cantonments	n	canton _ment _s
cantons	n	canton _s
cantors	n	cantor _s
cantos	n	canto _s
cants	n	cant _s
canvased	v	canvas _ed
canvases	n	canvas _s
canvases	v	canvas _es
canvasing	v	canvas _ing
canvass	n	canvas _s
canvass	v	canvas _es
canvassed	v	canvass _ed
canvassers	n	canvasser _s
canvasses	n	canvass _s
canvasses	v	canvass _es
canvassing	v	canvass _ing
canyons	n	canyon _s
capability	n	capable _ity
capably	r	capable _ly
capacitors	n	capacitor _s
capacity	n	capacity _ous _ity
caparisoned	v	caparison _ed
caparisons	n	caparison _s
caped	v	cap _ed
capered	v	caper _ed
capering	v	caper _ing
capers	n	caper _s
capers	v	caper _es
capes	n	cape _s
capes	v	cap _es
capillarity	n	capillary _ity
capitalist	a	capital _ism _ist
capitalist	n	capital _ism _ist
capitalist	v	capital _ism _ist
capitalistic	a	capital _ism _ist _ic
capitalists	n	capital _ism _ist _s
capitalize	v	capital _ize
capitalized	v	capital _ize _ed
capitalizes	v	capital _ize _es
capitals	n	capital _s
capitols	n	capitol _s
capitulated	v	capitulate _ed
capitulates	v	capitulate _es
capitulations	n	capitulation _s
capons	n	capon _s
capos	n	capo _s
capped	v	cap _ed
capping	v	cap _ing
cappuccinos	n	cappuccino _s
caprices	n	caprice _s
capricious	a	caprice _ous
capriciously	r	caprice _ous _ly
capriciousness	n	caprice _ous _ness
caps	n	cap _s
caps	v	cap _es
capsicums	n	capsicum _s
capsized	v	capsize _ed
capsizes	v	capsize _es
capstans	n	capstan _s
capstones	n	capstone _s
capsules	n	capsule _s
capsules	v	capsule _es
capsulized	v	capsulize _ed
captained	v	captain _ed
captaining	v	captain _ing
captains	n	captain _s
captains	v	captain _es
captioned	v	caption _ed
captioning	v	caption _ing
captions	n	caption _s
captions	v	caption _es
captivated	v	captivate _ed
captivates	v	captivate _es
captives	n	captive _s
captivity	n	captive _ity
captors	n	captor _s
captured	v	capture _ed
captures	n	capture _s
captures	v	capture _es
carafes	n	carafe _s
caramelized	v	caramelize _ed
caramelizes	v	caramelize _es
caramels	n	caramel _s
carapaces	n	carapace _s
carats	n	carat _s
caravans	n	caravan _s
caravans	v	caravan _es
carbides	n	carbide _s
carbines	n	carbine _s
carbohydrates	n	carbohydrate _s
carbonated	v	carbonate _ed
carbonates	n	carbonate _s
carbonates	v	carbonate _es
carbonized	v	carbon _ize _ed
carbonizes	v	carbonize _es
carbons	n	carbon _s
carboys	n	carboy _s
carbuncles	n	carbuncle _s
carburettors	n	carburettor _s
carcasses	n	carcass _s
carcinogens	n	carcinogen _s
carcinomas	n	carcinoma _s
cardamoms	n	cardamom _s
carded	v	card _ed
cardholders	n	cardholder _s
cardigans	n	cardigan _s
cardinals	n	cardinal _s
carding	v	card _ing
cardiograms	n	cardiogram _s
cardiologists	n	cardiologist _s
cards	n	card _s
cards	v	card _es
cardsharps	n	cardsharp _s
cared	v	care _ed
careened	v	careen _ed
careening	v	careen _ing
careens	n	careen _s
careens	v	careen _es
careered	v	career _ed
careering	v	career _ing
careerist	a	career _ist
careerist	n	career _ist
careerists	n	career _ist _s
careers	n	career _s
careers	v	career _es
careful	a	care _ful
careful	n	care _ful
careful	v	care _ful
carefully	a	care _ful _ly
carefully	n	care _ful _ly
carefully	r	care _ful _ly
carefully	v	care _ful _ly
carefulness	a	care _ful _ness
carefulness	n	care _ful _ness
caregivers	n	caregiver _s
careless	a	care _less
careless	n	care _less
careless	r	care _less
careless	v	care _less
carelessly	r	care _less _ly
carelessly	v	care _less _ly
carelessness	n	care _less _ness
carelessness	v	care _less _ness
cares	n	care _s
cares	v	care _es
caressed	v	caress _ed
caresses	n	caress _s
caresses	v	caress _es
caressing	v	caress _ing
caretakers	n	caretaker _s
cargoes	n	cargo _s
carhops	n	carhop _s
caricatured	v	caricature _ed
caricatures	n	caricature _s
caricatures	v	caricature _es
caricaturist	n	caricature _ist
caricaturists	n	caricature _ist _s
carillons	n	carillon _s
carious	a	caries _ous
carjacked	v	carjack _ed
carjacking	v	carjack _ing
carjackings	n	carjacking _s
carjacks	v	carjack _es
carloads	n	carload _s
carmines	n	carmine _s
carnally	r	carnal _ly
carnations	n	carnation _s
carnivals	n	carnival _s
carnivores	n	carnivore _s
carnivorous	a	carnivore _ous
carolled	v	carol _ed
carollers	n	caroller _s
carolling	v	carol _ing
carols	n	carol _s
carols	v	carol _es
caromed	v	carom _ed
caroming	v	carom _ing
caroms	n	carom _s
caroms	v	carom _es
caroused	v	carouse _ed
carousels	n	carousel _s
carousers	n	carouser _s
carouses	n	carouse _s
carpals	n	carpal _s
carped	v	carp _ed
carpels	n	carpel _s
carpentering	v	carpenter _ing
carpenters	n	carpenter _s
carpers	n	carper _s
carpetbaggers	n	carpetbagger _s
carpeted	v	carpet _ed
carpeting	v	carpet _ing
carpets	n	carpet _s
carpets	v	carpet _es
carping	v	carp _ing
carports	n	carport _s
carps	n	carp _s
carps	v	carp _es
carrels	n	carrel _s
carriages	n	carriage _s
carriageways	n	carriageway _s
carrier	n	carry _er
carriers	n	carry _er _s
carrots	n	carrot _s
carryalls	n	carryall _s
carrycots	n	carrycot _s
carrying	v	carry _ing
cars	n	car _s
carted	v	cart _ed
cartels	n	cartel _s
carter	a	cart _er
carter	n	cart _er
carter	r	cart _er
carter	v	cart _er
carters	n	cart _er _s
carthorses	n	carthorse _s
cartilages	n	cartilage _s
cartilaginous	a	cartilage _ous
carting	v	cart _ing
cartloads	n	cartload _s
cartographers	n	cartographer _s
cartons	n	carton _s
cartooned	v	cartoon _ed
cartooning	v	cartoon _ing
cartoonists	n	cartoonist _s
cartoons	n	cartoon _s
cartoons	v	cartoon _es
cartridges	n	cartridge _s
carts	n	cart _s
carts	v	cart _es
cartwheeled	v	cartwheel _ed
cartwheeling	v	cartwheel _ing
cartwheels	n	cartwheel _s
cartwheels	v	cartwheel _es
carved	v	carve _ed
carver	n	carve _er
carver	r	carve _er
carver	v	carve _er
carvers	n	carve _er _s
carves	v	carve _es
carvings	n	carving _s
caryatids	n	caryatid _s
cascaded	v	cascade _ed
cascades	n	cascade _s
cascades	v	cascade _es
casebooks	n	casebook _s
cased	v	case _ed
casement	n	case _ment
casements	n	case _ment _s
cases	n	case _s
cases	v	case _es
caseworkers	n	caseworker _s
cashed	v	cash _ed
cashes	n	cash _s
cashes	v	cash _es
cashews	n	cashew _s
cashiered	v	cashier _ed
cashiering	v	cashier _ing
cashiers	n	cashier _s
cashiers	v	cashier _es
cashing	v	cash _ing
casings	n	casing _s
casinos	n	casino _s
caskets	n	casket _s
casks	n	cask _s
cassavas	n	cassava _s
casseroles	n	casserole _s
cassettes	n	cassette _s
cassocks	n	cassock _s
castaways	n	castaway _s
caster	a	cast _er
caster	n	cast _er
caster	v	cast _er
casters	n	cast _er _s
castes	n	caste _s
castes	v	cast _es
castigated	v	castigate _ed
castigates	v	castigate _es
castigation	n	castigate _ion
casting	v	cast _ing
castings	n	casting _s
castings	v	cast _es
castled	v	castle _ed
castles	n	castle _s
castles	v	castle _es
castors	n	castor _s
castrated	v	castrate _ed
castrates	n	castrate _s
castrates	v	castrate _es
castrations	n	castration _s
casts	n	cast _s
casts	v	cast _es
casually	n	case _al _ly
casually	r	case _al _ly
casualness	n	casual _ness
casualness	r	casual _ness
casuists	n	casuist _s
cataclysmic	a	cataclysm _ic
cataclysms	n	cataclysm _s
catacombs	n	catacomb _s
catafalques	n	catafalque _s
cataleptic	a	catalepsy _ic
catalogued	v	catalogue _ed
cataloguers	n	cataloguer _s
catalogues	n	catalogue _s
catalogues	v	catalogue _es
catalyses	v	catalyse _es
catalysts	n	catalyst _s
catalyzed	v	catalyze _ed
catalyzes	v	catalyze _es
catamarans	n	catamaran _s
catapulted	v	catapult _ed
catapulting	v	catapult _ing
catapults	n	catapult _s
catapults	v	catapult _es
cataracts	n	cataract _s
catastrophes	n	catastrophe _s
catastrophic	a	catastrophe _ic
catastrophic	n	catastrophe _ic
catastrophic	v	catastrophe _ic
catatonic	a	catatonia _ic
catatonic	n	catatonia _ic
catatonic	v	catatonia _ic
catcalled	v	catcall _ed
catcalling	v	catcall _ing
catcalls	n	catcall _s
catcalls	v	catcall _es
catcher	n	catch _er
catchers	n	catch _er _s
catches	n	catch _s
catches	v	catch _es
catching	v	catch _ing
catchings	n	catching _s
catchment	a	catch _ment
catchment	n	catch _ment
catchment	v	catch _ment
catchments	n	catch _ment _s
catchphrases	n	catchphrase _s
catchwords	n	catchword _s
catchy	a	catch _y
catchy	n	catch _y
catchy	v	catch _y
catechisms	n	catechism _s
catechist	n	catechism _ist
catechists	n	catechism _ist _s
catechize	v	catechism _ize
categorically	n	category _ic _al _ly
categorically	r	category _ic _al _ly
categorizations	n	categorization _s
categorize	v	category _ize
categorized	v	category _ize _ed
categorizes	v	category _ize _es
catered	v	cater _ed
caterer	a	cater _er
caterer	n	cater _er
caterer	v	cater _er
caterers	n	cater _er _s
catering	v	cater _ing
caterpillars	n	caterpillar _s
caters	v	cater _es
caterwauled	v	caterwaul _ed
caterwauling	v	caterwaul _ing
caterwauls	n	caterwaul _s
cathartic	a	catharsis _ic
cathedrals	n	cathedral _s
catheters	n	catheter _s
cathodes	n	cathode _s
catholicity	n	catholic _ity
cations	n	cation _s
catkins	n	catkin _s
catnapped	v	catnap _ed
catnapping	v	catnap _ing
catnaps	n	catnap _s
catnaps	v	catnap _es
cats	n	cat _s
cats	v	cat _es
cattails	n	cattail _s
catty	a	cat _y
catty	n	cat _y
catty	r	cat _y
catwalks	n	catwalk _s
caucused	v	caucus _ed
caucuses	n	caucus _s
caucuses	v	caucus _es
caucusing	v	caucus _ing
caudally	r	caudal _ly
cauldrons	n	cauldron _s
cauliflowers	n	cauliflower _s
caulked	v	caulk _ed
caulking	v	caulk _ing
causal	a	cause _al
causal	n	cause _al
causal	v	cause _al
causality	n	cause _al _ity
causally	r	cause _al _ly
caused	v	cause _ed
causeless	n	cause _less
causeries	n	causerie _s
causes	n	cause _s
causes	v	cause _es
causeways	n	causeway _s
caustics	n	caustic _s
cauterize	v	cautery _ize
cauterized	v	cautery _ize _ed
cauterizes	v	cautery _ize _es
cautioned	v	caution _ed
cautioning	v	caution _ing
cautions	n	caution _s
cautions	v	caution _es
cautious	a	caution _ous
cautiously	r	caution _ous _ly
cautiousness	n	caution _ous _ness
cavalcades	n	cavalcade _s
cavalierly	a	cavalier _ly
cavalierly	r	cavalier _ly
cavaliers	n	cavalier _s
caveats	n	caveat _s
caved	v	cave _ed
cavernous	a	cavern _ous
caverns	n	cavern _s
caverns	v	cavern _es
caves	n	cave _s
caves	v	cave _es
cavilled	v	cavil _ed
cavilling	v	cavil _ing
cavils	n	cavil _s
cavorted	v	cavort _ed
cavorting	v	cavort _ing
cavorts	v	cavort _es
cawed	v	caw _ed
cawing	v	caw _ing
caws	n	caw _s
caws	v	caw _es
cays	n	cay _s
ceased	v	cease _ed
ceaselessly	r	cease _less _ly
ceases	n	cease _s
ceases	v	cease _es
cedars	n	cedar _s
ceded	v	cede _ed
cedes	v	cede _es
cedillas	n	cedilla _s
ceilidhs	n	ceilidh _s
ceilings	n	ceiling _s
celebrants	n	celebrant _s
celebrated	v	celebrate _ed
celebrates	v	celebrate _es
celebration	n	celebrate _ion
celebrations	n	celebrate _ion _s
celebrators	n	celebrator _s
celibates	n	celibate _s
cellars	n	cellar _s
cellists	n	cellist _s
cellos	n	cello _s
cellphones	n	cellphone _s
cells	n	cell _s
cemented	v	cement _ed
cementing	v	cement _ing
cements	n	cement _s
cements	v	cement _es
cenobites	n	cenobite _s
cenotaphs	n	cenotaph _s
censer	n	cense _er
censers	n	cense _er _s
censored	v	censor _ed
censoring	v	censor _ing
censorious	a	censor _ous
censors	n	censor _s
censors	v	censor _es
censured	v	censure _ed
censures	n	censure _s
censures	v	censure _es
censuses	n	census _s
censuses	v	census _es
centaurs	n	centaur _s
centavos	n	centavo _s
centenarians	n	centenarian _s
centennials	n	centennial _s
centilitres	n	centilitre _s
centimes	n	centime _s
centimetres	n	centimetre _s
centipedes	n	centipede _s
central	a	centre _al
centralize	n	centre _al _ize
centralize	v	centre _al _ize
centralized	v	centre _al _ize _ed
centralizes	v	centre _al _ize _es
centrally	n	centre _al _ly
centrally	r	centre _al _ly
centrals	n	centre _al _s
centreboards	n	centreboard _s
centred	v	centre _ed
centrefolds	n	centrefold _s
centrepieces	n	centrepiece _s
centres	n	centre _s
centres	v	centre _es
centrifugal	a	centrifuge _al
centrifugal	n	centrifuge _al
centrifuged	v	centrifuge _ed
centrifuges	n	centrifuge _s
centrist	a	centre _ist
centrist	n	centre _ist
centrist	v	centre _ist
centrists	n	centre _ist _s
cents	n	cent _s
centurions	n	centurion _s
ceramicists	n	ceramicist _s
ceramics	n	ceramic _s
ceramists	n	ceramist _s
cereals	n	cereal _s
cerebellums	n	cerebellum _s
cerebral	a	cerebrum _al
cerebral	n	cerebrum _al
cerebral	v	cerebrum _al
cerebrums	n	cerebrum _s
cerements	n	cerement _s
ceremonial	a	ceremony _al
ceremonial	n	ceremony _al
ceremonially	r	ceremony _al _ly
ceremonials	n	ceremony _al _s
ceremonious	a	ceremony _ous
ceremoniously	r	ceremony _ous _ly
certainly	r	certain _ly
certifiable	a	certify _able
certificated	v	certificate _ed
certificates	n	certificate _s
certifications	n	certification _s
certifying	v	certify _ing
certitudes	n	certitude _s
certs	n	cert _s
cervical	a	cervix _al
cesareans	n	cesarean _s
cessations	n	cessation _s
cessions	n	cession _s
cesspits	n	cesspit _s
cesspools	n	cesspool _s
cetaceans	n	cetacean _s
chads	n	chad _s
chafed	v	chafe _ed
chafes	n	chafe _s
chafes	v	chafe _es
chaffed	v	chaff _ed
chaffinches	n	chaffinch _s
chaffing	v	chaff _ing
chaffs	n	chaff _s
chaffs	v	chaff _es
chagrined	v	chagrin _ed
chagrins	n	chagrin _s
chained	v	chain _ed
chaining	v	chain _ing
chains	n	chain _s
chains	v	chain _es
chainsaws	n	chainsaw _s
chaired	v	chair _ed
chairing	v	chair _ing
chairlifts	n	chairlift _s
chairmanships	n	chairmanship _s
chairpersons	n	chairperson _s
chairs	n	chair _s
chairs	v	chair _es
chaises	n	chaise _s
chalets	n	chalet _s
chalices	n	chalice _s
chalkboards	n	chalkboard _s
chalked	v	chalk _ed
chalking	v	chalk _ing
chalks	n	chalk _s
chalks	v	chalk _es
chalky	a	chalk _y
chalky	n	chalk _y
chalky	v	chalk _y
challenged	v	challenge _ed
challenger	a	challenge _er
challenger	n	challenge _er
challenger	v	challenge _er
challengers	n	challenge _er _s
challenges	n	challenge _s
challenges	v	challenge _es
chambered	v	chamber _ed
chamberlains	n	chamberlain _s
chambermaids	n	chambermaid _s
chambers	n	chamber _s
chambers	v	chamber _es
chameleons	n	chameleon _s
champagnes	n	champagne _s
champing	v	champ _ing
championed	v	champion _ed
championing	v	champion _ing
champions	n	champion _s
champions	v	champion _es
championships	n	championship _s
champs	n	champ _s
champs	v	champ _es
chanced	v	chance _ed
chancellors	n	chancellor _s
chancels	n	chancel _s
chances	n	chance _s
chances	v	chance _es
chancy	a	chance _y
chancy	n	chance _y
chandeliers	n	chandelier _s
chandlers	n	chandler _s
changeability	n	change _able _ity
changeable	a	change _able
changeable	v	change _able
changed	v	change _ed
changeless	a	change _less
changeless	n	change _less
changelings	n	changeling _s
changeovers	n	changeover _s
changers	n	changer _s
changes	n	change _s
changes	v	change _es
channelized	v	channelize _ed
channelled	v	channel _ed
channelling	v	channel _ing
channels	n	channel _s
channels	v	channel _es
chanted	v	chant _ed
chanters	n	chanter _s
chanteys	n	chantey _s
chanting	v	chant _ing
chants	n	chant _s
chants	v	chant _es
chaotic	a	chaos _ic
chaotic	n	chaos _ic
chapatis	n	chapati _s
chapattis	n	chapatti _s
chapeaus	n	chapeau _s
chapels	n	chapel _s
chaperoned	v	chaperon _ed
chaperones	n	chaperone _s
chaperones	v	chaperon _es
chaperoning	v	chaperon _ing
chaplains	n	chaplain _s
chaplets	n	chaplet _s
chapped	v	chap _ed
chapping	v	chap _ing
chaps	n	chap _s
chaps	v	chap _es
chapters	n	chapter _s
charabancs	n	charabanc _s
characteristic	a	character _ic
characteristic	n	character _ic
characteristic	v	character _ic
characteristics	n	character _ic _s
characterizations	n	characterization _s
characterize	v	character _ize
characterized	v	character _ize _ed
characterizes	v	character _ize _es
characterless	a	character _less
characterless	n	character _less
characters	n	character _s
characters	v	character _es
charades	n	charade _s
charcoals	n	charcoal _s
chardonnays	n	chardonnay _s
chargeable	a	charge _able
chargeable	n	charge _able
charged	v	charge _ed
charger	n	charge _er
charger	v	charge _er
chargers	n	charge _er _s
charges	n	charge _s
charges	v	charge _es
charioteers	n	charioteer _s
chariots	n	chariot _s
chariots	v	chariot _es
charismatic	a	charisma _ic
charismatic	n	charisma _ic
charitably	r	charity _able _ly
charitably	v	charity _able _ly
charlatans	n	charlatan _s
charmed	v	charm _ed
charmer	a	charm _er
charmer	n	charm _er
charmers	n	charm _er _s
charming	v	charm _ing
charmingly	a	charm _ing _ly
charmingly	n	charm _ing _ly
charmingly	r	charm _ing _ly
charms	n	charm _s
charms	v	charm _es
charred	v	char _ed
charring	v	char _ing
chars	n	char _s
chars	v	char _es
charted	v	chart _ed
chartered	v	charter _ed
chartering	v	charter _ing
charters	n	charter _s
charters	v	charter _es
charting	v	chart _ing
charts	n	chart _s
charts	v	chart _es
chased	v	chase _ed
chaser	a	chase _er
chaser	n	chase _er
chasers	n	chase _er _s
chases	n	chase _s
chases	v	chase _es
chasms	n	chasm _s
chastely	r	chaste _ly
chastened	v	chasten _ed
chastening	v	chasten _ing
chastised	v	chastise _ed
chastisement	n	chastise _ment
chastises	v	chastise _es
chastity	n	chaste _ity
chasubles	n	chasuble _s
chateaus	n	chateau _s
chateaux	n	chateau _x
chats	n	chat _s
chats	v	chat _es
chatted	v	chat _ed
chattels	n	chattel _s
chatter	a	chat _er
chatter	n	chat _er
chatter	r	chat _er
chatter	v	chat _er
chatterboxes	n	chatterbox _s
chattered	v	chat _er _ed
chatterer	n	chat _er _er
chatterers	n	chat _er _er _s
chattering	v	chat _er _ing
chatters	n	chat _er _s
chatters	v	chat _er _es
chatting	v	chat _ing
chatty	a	chat _y
chatty	n	chat _y
chatty	v	chat _y
chauffeured	v	chauffeur _ed
chauffeuring	v	chauffeur _ing
chauffeurs	n	chauffeur _s
chauffeurs	v	chauffeur _es
chauvinist	a	chauvin _ism _ist
chauvinist	n	chauvin _ism _ist
chauvinistic	a	chauvin _ism _ist _ic
chauvinists	n	chauvin _ism _ist _s
cheapened	v	cheapen _ed
cheapening	v	cheapen _ing
cheapens	v	cheapen _es
cheaper	a	cheap _er
cheapest	a	cheap _est
cheaply	a	cheap _ly
cheaply	n	cheap _ly
cheaply	r	cheap _ly
cheaply	v	cheap _ly
cheapness	n	cheap _ness
cheapness	r	cheap _ness
cheapness	v	cheap _ness
cheapskates	n	cheapskate _s
cheated	v	cheat _ed
cheaters	n	cheater _s
cheating	v	cheat _ing
cheats	n	cheat _s
cheats	v	cheat _es
checked	v	check _ed
checker	n	check _er
checkered	v	check _er _ed
checkers	n	check _er _s
checking	v	check _ing
checklists	n	checklist _s
checkmated	v	checkmate _ed
checkmates	n	checkmate _s
checkouts	n	checkout _s
checkpoints	n	checkpoint _s
checks	n	check _s
checks	v	check _es
checkups	n	checkup _s
cheekbones	n	cheekbone _s
cheeked	v	cheek _ed
cheekily	a	cheek _y _ly
cheekily	r	cheek _y _ly
cheekily	v	cheek _y _ly
cheekiness	n	cheek _y _ness
cheeking	v	cheek _ing
cheeks	n	cheek _s
cheeks	v	cheek _es
cheeky	a	cheek _y
cheeky	n	cheek _y
cheeky	v	cheek _y
cheeped	v	cheep _ed
cheeping	v	cheep _ing
cheeps	n	cheep _s
cheered	v	cheer _ed
cheerful	a	cheer _ful
cheerful	n	cheer _ful
cheerful	v	cheer _ful
cheerfully	n	cheer _ful _ly
cheerfully	r	cheer _ful _ly
cheerfully	v	cheer _ful _ly
cheerfulness	n	cheer _ful _ness
cheerily	n	cheer _y _ly
cheerily	r	cheer _y _ly
cheering	v	cheer _ing
cheerios	n	cheerio _s
cheerleaders	n	cheerleader _s
cheerless	a	cheer _less
cheerless	n	cheer _less
cheers	n	cheer _s
cheers	v	cheer _es
cheery	a	cheer _y
cheery	n	cheer _y
cheeseboards	n	cheeseboard _s
cheeseburgers	n	cheeseburger _s
cheesecakes	n	cheesecake _s
cheesed	v	cheese _ed
cheeses	n	cheese _s
cheeses	v	cheese _es
cheetahs	n	cheetah _s
chefs	n	chef _s
chemically	r	chemic _al _ly
chemically	v	chemic _al _ly
chemicals	n	chemical _s
chemises	n	chemise _s
chemists	n	chemist _s
chequebooks	n	chequebook _s
chequed	v	cheque _ed
cheques	n	cheque _s
cheques	v	cheque _es
cherished	v	cherish _ed
cherishes	v	cherish _es
cherishing	v	cherish _ing
cheroots	n	cheroot _s
cherubic	a	cherub _ic
cherubic	n	cherub _ic
cherubim	n	cherub _im
cherubs	n	cherub _s
chessboards	n	chessboard _s
chesterfields	n	chesterfield _s
chestnuts	n	chestnut _s
chests	n	chest _s
chesty	a	chest _y
chevaliers	n	chevalier _s
chevrons	n	chevron _s
chewed	v	chew _ed
chewers	n	chewer _s
chewing	v	chew _ing
chews	n	chew _s
chews	v	chew _es
chicanes	n	chicane _s
chicanes	v	chicane _es
chicer	a	chic _er
chicest	a	chic _est
chichis	n	chichi _s
chickadees	n	chickadee _s
chickens	n	chicken _s
chickpeas	n	chickpea _s
chicks	n	chick _s
chided	v	chide _ed
chides	v	chide _es
chiefest	a	chief _est
chiefly	a	chief _ly
chiefly	n	chief _ly
chiefly	r	chief _ly
chiefly	v	chief _ly
chiefs	n	chief _s
chieftains	n	chieftain _s
chiggers	n	chigger _s
chignons	n	chignon _s
chihuahuas	n	chihuahua _s
chilblains	n	chilblain _s
childbirths	n	childbirth _s
childhoods	n	childhood _s
childishly	a	child _ish _ly
childishly	r	child _ish _ly
childishness	n	child _ish _ness
childishness	v	child _ish _ness
childless	a	child _less
childless	n	child _less
childless	r	child _less
childless	v	child _less
childproofed	v	childproof _ed
children	n	child _ren
chilled	v	chill _ed
chiller	n	chill _er
chillers	n	chill _er _s
chilling	v	chill _ing
chills	n	chill _s
chills	v	chill _es
chilly	a	chill _y
chilly	n	chill _y
chilly	r	chill _y
chimed	v	chime _ed
chimeras	n	chimera _s
chimes	n	chime _s
chimes	v	chime _es
chimneys	n	chimney _s
chimpanzees	n	chimpanzee _s
chimps	n	chimp _s
chinchillas	n	chinchilla _s
chines	n	chine _s
chinked	v	chink _ed
chinking	v	chink _ing
chinks	n	chink _s
chinned	v	chin _ed
chinning	v	chin _ing
chinos	n	chino _s
chins	n	chin _s
chins	v	chin _es
chipmunks	n	chipmunk _s
chipolatas	n	chipolata _s
chipped	v	chip _ed
chipping	v	chip _ing
chippings	n	chipping _s
chippy	a	chip _y
chippy	n	chip _y
chips	n	chip _s
chiropodists	n	chiropodist _s
chiropractors	n	chiropractor _s
chirped	v	chirp _ed
chirping	v	chirp _ing
chirps	n	chirp _s
chirps	v	chirp _es
chirpy	a	chirp _y
chirpy	n	chirp _y
chirpy	v	chirp _y
chirruped	v	chirrup _ed
chirruping	v	chirrup _ing
chirrups	n	chirrup _s
chirrups	v	chirrup _es
chis	n	chi _s
chiselled	v	chisel _ed
chisellers	n	chiseller _s
chiselling	v	chisel _ing
chisels	n	chisel _s
chisels	v	chisel _es
chitchatted	v	chitchat _ed
chitchatting	v	chitchat _ing
chits	n	chit _s
chivalrous	a	chivalry _ous
chivalrously	r	chivalry _ous _ly
chives	n	chive _s
chivying	v	chivy _ing
chlorides	n	chloride _s
chlorinated	v	chlorinate _ed
chlorination	n	chlorine _ate _ion
chlorofluorocarbons	n	chlorofluorocarbon _s
chloroformed	v	chloroform _ed
chloroplasts	n	chloroplast _s
chocked	v	chock _ed
chocking	v	chock _ing
chocks	n	chock _s
chocolates	n	chocolate _s
chocs	n	choc _s
choices	n	choice _s
choicest	a	choice _st
choirboys	n	choirboy _s
choirmasters	n	choirmaster _s
choirs	n	choir _s
choirs	v	choir _es
choked	v	choke _ed
choker	n	choke _er
chokers	n	choke _er _s
chokes	n	choke _s
chokes	v	choke _es
chomped	v	chomp _ed
chomping	v	chomp _ing
chomps	n	chomp _s
chomps	v	chomp _es
choosers	n	chooser _s
chooses	v	choose _es
choosy	a	choose _y
choosy	n	choose _y
choosy	v	choose _y
chopped	v	chop _ed
chopper	a	chop _er
chopper	n	chop _er
chopper	v	chop _er
choppers	n	chop _er _s
chopping	v	chop _ing
choppy	a	chop _y
choppy	n	chop _y
chops	n	chop _s
chops	v	chop _es
chopsticks	n	chopstick _s
choral	a	chorus _al
choral	n	chorus _al
chorales	n	chorale _s
chordates	n	chordate _s
chords	n	chord _s
choreographed	v	choreograph _ed
choreographers	n	choreographer _s
choreographing	v	choreograph _ing
choreographs	v	choreograph _es
chores	n	chore _s
choristers	n	chorister _s
chortled	v	chortle _ed
chortles	n	chortle _s
chortles	v	chortle _es
chorused	v	chorus _ed
choruses	n	chorus _s
choruses	v	chorus _es
chorusing	v	chorus _ing
chowders	n	chowder _s
chows	n	chow _s
christened	v	christen _ed
christening	v	christen _ing
christenings	n	christening _s
christens	v	christen _es
chromed	v	chrome _ed
chromes	n	chrome _s
chromosomes	n	chromosome _s
chronicled	v	chronicle _ed
chronicler	n	chronicle _er
chroniclers	n	chronicle _er _s
chronicles	n	chronicle _s
chronicles	v	chronicle _es
chronographs	n	chronograph _s
chronologically	n	chronology _ic _al _ly
chronologically	r	chronology _ic _al _ly
chronometers	n	chronometer _s
chrysalises	n	chrysalis _s
chrysanthemums	n	chrysanthemum _s
chubs	n	chub _s
chucked	v	chuck _ed
chucking	v	chuck _ing
chuckled	v	chuckle _ed
chuckles	n	chuckle _s
chuckles	v	chuckle _es
chucks	n	chuck _s
chucks	v	chuck _es
chuffed	v	chuff _ed
chugged	v	chug _ed
chugging	v	chug _ing
chugs	n	chug _s
chugs	v	chug _es
chukkas	n	chukka _s
chummy	a	chum _y
chummy	n	chum _y
chumps	n	chump _s
chums	n	chum _s
chunked	v	chunk _ed
chunking	v	chunk _ing
chunks	n	chunk _s
chunks	v	chunk _es
chunky	a	chunk _y
chunky	n	chunk _y
chunky	o	chunk _y
chunky	r	chunk _y
chunky	v	chunk _y
churches	n	church _s
churches	v	church _es
churchgoers	n	churchgoer _s
churchwardens	n	churchwarden _s
churchyards	n	churchyard _s
churls	n	churl _s
churned	v	churn _ed
churning	v	churn _ing
churns	n	churn _s
churns	v	churn _es
chutes	n	chute _s
chutes	v	chute _es
chutneys	n	chutney _s
cicadas	n	cicada _s
ciders	n	cider _s
cigarettes	n	cigarette _s
cigarillos	n	cigarillo _s
cigars	n	cigar _s
cinched	v	cinch _ed
cinches	n	cinch _s
cinches	v	cinch _es
cinching	v	cinch _ing
cinders	n	cinder _s
cinemas	n	cinema _s
cinematographers	n	cinematographer _s
ciphered	v	cipher _ed
ciphering	v	cipher _ing
ciphers	n	cipher _s
ciphers	v	cipher _es
circled	v	circle _ed
circles	n	circle _s
circles	v	circle _es
circlets	n	circlet _s
circuited	v	circuit _ed
circuiting	v	circuit _ing
circuitous	a	circuit _ous
circuitously	r	circuit _ous _ly
circuits	n	circuit _s
circuits	v	circuit _es
circularize	v	circular _ize
circularized	v	circular _ize _ed
circulars	n	circular _s
circulated	v	circulate _ed
circulates	v	circulate _es
circulation	n	circulate _ion
circulations	n	circulate _ion _s
circumcised	v	circumcise _ed
circumcises	v	circumcise _es
circumcisions	n	circumcision _s
circumferences	n	circumference _s
circumlocutions	n	circumlocution _s
circumnavigated	v	circumnavigate _ed
circumnavigates	v	circumnavigate _es
circumnavigation	n	circumnavigate _ion
circumnavigations	n	circumnavigate _ion _s
circumscribed	v	circumscribe _ed
circumscribes	v	circumscribe _es
circumscriptions	n	circumscription _s
circumspectly	r	circumspect _ly
circumstances	n	circumstance _s
circumstantially	r	circumstance _al _ly
circumvented	v	circumvent _ed
circumventing	v	circumvent _ing
circumvents	v	circumvent _es
circuses	n	circus _s
cirques	n	cirque _s
cisterns	n	cistern _s
citadels	n	citadel _s
citations	n	citation _s
cited	v	cite _ed
cites	n	cite _s
cites	v	cite _es
citizens	n	citizen _s
citric	a	citrus _ic
citric	n	citrus _ic
citrons	n	citron _s
citruses	n	citrus _s
civets	n	civet _s
civilians	n	civilian _s
civility	n	civil _ity
civilizations	n	civilization _s
civilized	v	civilize _ed
civilizes	v	civilize _es
civilly	r	civil _ly
clacked	v	clack _ed
clacking	v	clack _ing
clacks	n	clack _s
claimants	n	claimant _s
claimed	v	claim _ed
claiming	v	claim _ing
claims	n	claim _s
claims	v	claim _es
clairvoyants	n	clairvoyant _s
clambakes	n	clambake _s
clambered	v	clamber _ed
clambering	v	clamber _ing
clambers	n	clamber _s
clambers	v	clamber _es
clammed	v	clam _ed
clamming	v	clam _ing
clammy	a	clam _y
clammy	n	clam _y
clammy	v	clam _y
clamorous	a	clamour _ous
clamoured	v	clamour _ed
clamouring	v	clamour _ing
clamours	n	clamour _s
clamours	v	clamour _es
clampdowns	n	clampdown _s
clamped	v	clamp _ed
clamping	v	clamp _ing
clamps	n	clamp _s
clamps	v	clamp _es
clams	n	clam _s
clams	v	clam _es
clandestinely	r	clandestine _ly
clanged	v	clang _ed
clanger	n	clang _er
clangers	n	clang _er _s
clanging	v	clang _ing
clangs	n	clang _s
clangs	v	clang _es
clanked	v	clank _ed
clanking	v	clank _ing
clanks	n	clank _s
clanks	v	clank _es
clans	n	clan _s
clapboards	n	clapboard _s
clapped	v	clap _ed
clapper	a	clap _er
clapper	n	clap _er
clappers	n	clap _er _s
clapping	v	clap _ing
claps	n	clap _s
claps	v	clap _es
claques	n	claque _s
clarets	n	claret _s
clarifications	n	clarification _s
clarifying	v	clarify _ing
clarinetists	n	clarinetist _s
clarinets	n	clarinet _s
clarions	n	clarion _s
clarity	a	clear _ity
clarity	n	clear _ity
clarity	v	clear _ity
clashed	v	clash _ed
clashes	n	clash _s
clashes	v	clash _es
clashing	v	clash _ing
clasped	v	clasp _ed
clasping	v	clasp _ing
clasps	n	clasp _s
clasps	v	clasp _es
classed	v	class _ed
classes	n	class _s
classes	v	class _es
classic	a	class _ic
classic	n	class _ic
classic	v	class _ic
classically	a	class _ic _al _ly
classically	n	class _ic _al _ly
classically	r	class _ic _al _ly
classicists	n	classicist _s
classics	n	class _ic _s
classifiable	a	classify _able
classifiable	n	classify _able
classifications	n	classification _s
classifieds	n	classified _s
classifiers	n	classifier _s
classifying	v	classify _ing
classing	v	class _ing
classless	a	class _less
classless	n	class _less
classless	r	class _less
classlessness	n	class _less _ness
classlessness	v	class _less _ness
classmates	n	classmate _s
classrooms	n	classroom _s
classy	a	class _y
classy	n	class _y
classy	v	class _y
clattered	v	clatter _ed
clattering	v	clatter _ing
clatters	n	clatter _s
clatters	v	clatter _es
clauses	n	clause _s
claustrophobic	a	claustrophobia _ic
claustrophobic	n	claustrophobia _ic
claustrophobic	v	claustrophobia _ic
clavichords	n	clavichord _s
clavicles	n	clavicle _s
claviers	n	clavier _s
clawed	v	claw _ed
clawing	v	claw _ing
claws	n	claw _s
claws	v	claw _es
cleaned	v	clean _ed
cleaner	a	clean _er
cleaner	n	clean _er
cleaner	r	clean _er
cleaner	v	clean _er
cleaners	n	clean _er _s
cleanest	a	clean _est
cleaning	v	clean _ing
cleanings	n	cleaning _s
cleanly	a	clean _ly
cleanly	r	clean _ly
cleanness	a	clean _ness
cleanness	n	clean _ness
cleans	n	clean _s
cleans	v	clean _es
cleansed	v	cleanse _ed
cleanser	n	cleanse _er
cleansers	n	cleanse _er _s
cleanses	n	cleanse _s
cleanses	v	cleanse _es
cleanups	n	cleanup _s
clearances	n	clearance _s
cleared	v	clear _ed
clearer	a	clear _er
clearest	a	clear _est
clearing	v	clear _ing
clearings	n	clearing _s
clearly	r	clear _ly
clearness	n	clear _ness
clears	n	clear _s
clears	v	clear _es
clearways	n	clearway _s
cleats	n	cleat _s
cleats	v	cleat _es
cleavages	n	cleavage _s
cleaved	v	cleave _ed
cleaver	n	cleave _er
cleaver	r	cleave _er
cleavers	n	cleave _er _s
cleaves	v	cleave _es
clefs	n	clef _s
clefts	n	cleft _s
clementines	n	clementine _s
clenched	v	clench _ed
clenches	n	clench _s
clenches	v	clench _es
clenching	v	clench _ing
clerical	a	cleric _al
clerical	n	cleric _al
clerically	r	cleric _al _ly
clerics	n	cleric _s
clerked	v	clerk _ed
clerking	v	clerk _ing
clerks	n	clerk _s
clerks	v	clerk _es
cleverer	a	clever _er
cleverest	a	clever _est
cleverly	a	clever _ly
cleverly	n	clever _ly
cleverly	r	clever _ly
cleverly	v	clever _ly
cleverness	a	clever _ness
cleverness	n	clever _ness
cleverness	v	clever _ness
clews	n	clew _s
cliches	n	cliche _s
clicked	v	click _ed
clicking	v	click _ing
clicks	n	click _s
clicks	v	click _es
clienteles	n	clientele _s
clients	n	client _s
cliffhangers	n	cliffhanger _s
cliffs	n	cliff _s
climactic	a	climax _ic
climactic	n	climax _ic
climates	n	climate _s
climatic	a	climate _ic
climatic	n	climate _ic
climatologists	n	climatologist _s
climaxed	v	climax _ed
climaxes	n	climax _s
climaxes	v	climax _es
climaxing	v	climax _ing
climbed	v	climb _ed
climber	a	climb _er
climber	n	climb _er
climber	v	climb _er
climbers	n	climb _er _s
climbing	v	climb _ing
climbs	n	climb _s
climbs	v	climb _es
climes	n	clime _s
clinched	v	clinch _ed
clincher	n	clinch _er
clinchers	n	clinch _er _s
clinches	n	clinch _s
clinches	v	clinch _es
clinching	v	clinch _ing
clinging	v	cling _ing
clings	n	cling _s
clings	v	cling _es
clingy	a	cling _y
clingy	n	cling _y
clinical	a	clinic _al
clinical	n	clinic _al
clinical	v	clinic _al
clinically	n	clinic _al _ly
clinically	r	clinic _al _ly
clinicians	n	clinician _s
clinics	n	clinic _s
clinked	v	clink _ed
clinker	n	clink _er
clinker	v	clink _er
clinkers	n	clink _er _s
clinking	v	clink _ing
clinks	n	clink _s
clinks	v	clink _es
clipboards	n	clipboard _s
clipped	v	clip _ed
clipper	a	clip _er
clipper	n	clip _er
clipper	v	clip _er
clippers	n	clip _er _s
clipping	v	clip _ing
clippings	n	clipping _s
clips	n	clip _s
clips	v	clip _es
cliques	n	clique _s
clitorises	n	clitoris _s
cloaked	v	cloak _ed
cloaking	v	cloak _ing
cloakrooms	n	cloakroom _s
cloaks	n	cloak _s
cloaks	v	cloak _es
clobbered	v	clobber _ed
clobbering	v	clobber _ing
clobbers	n	clobber _s
clobbers	v	clobber _es
cloches	n	cloche _s
clocked	v	clock _ed
clocking	v	clock _ing
clocks	n	clock _s
clocks	v	clock _es
clockworks	n	clockwork _s
clodhoppers	n	clodhopper _s
clods	n	clod _s
clogged	v	clog _ed
clogging	v	clog _ing
clogs	n	clog _s
clogs	v	clog _es
cloistered	v	cloister _ed
cloistering	v	cloister _ing
cloisters	n	cloister _s
clomped	v	clomp _ed
clomping	v	clomp _ing
clomps	v	clomp _es
cloned	v	clone _ed
clones	n	clone _s
clones	v	clone _es
clopped	v	clop _ed
clopping	v	clop _ing
clops	n	clop _s
clops	v	clop _es
closed	v	close _ed
closely	r	close _ly
closeness	a	close _ness
closeness	n	close _ness
closeness	v	close _ness
closeouts	n	closeout _s
closer	a	close _r
closes	n	close _s
closes	v	close _es
closest	a	close _st
closeted	v	closet _ed
closeting	v	closet _ing
closets	n	closet _s
closets	v	closet _es
closeups	n	closeup _s
closings	n	closing _s
closures	n	closure _s
closures	v	closure _es
clothed	v	clothe _ed
clothes	v	clothe _es
clotheshorses	n	clotheshorse _s
clotheslines	n	clothesline _s
clothespins	n	clothespin _s
clothiers	n	clothier _s
cloths	n	cloth _s
clots	n	clot _s
clots	v	clot _es
clotted	v	clot _ed
clotting	v	clot _ing
cloudbursts	n	cloudburst _s
clouded	v	cloud _ed
cloudiness	n	cloud _y _ness
clouding	v	cloud _ing
cloudless	a	cloud _less
cloudless	n	cloud _less
clouds	n	cloud _s
clouds	v	cloud _es
cloudy	a	cloud _y
cloudy	n	cloud _y
cloudy	v	cloud _y
clouted	v	clout _ed
clouting	v	clout _ing
clouts	n	clout _s
clouts	v	clout _es
cloverleafs	n	cloverleaf _s
clovers	n	clover _s
cloves	n	clove _s
clowned	v	clown _ed
clowning	v	clown _ing
clowns	n	clown _s
clowns	v	clown _es
cloyed	v	cloy _ed
cloying	v	cloy _ing
clubbable	a	club _able
clubbed	v	club _ed
clubbing	v	club _ing
clubhouses	n	clubhouse _s
clubs	n	club _s
clubs	v	club _es
clucked	v	cluck _ed
clucking	v	cluck _ing
clucks	n	cluck _s
clucks	v	cluck _es
clued	v	clue _ed
clueless	a	clue _less
clueless	n	clue _less
clues	n	clue _s
clues	v	clue _es
clumped	v	clump _ed
clumping	v	clump _ing
clumps	n	clump _s
clumps	v	clump _es
clumsily	n	clumsy _ly
clumsily	r	clumsy _ly
clumsiness	n	clumsy _ness
clunked	v	clunk _ed
clunking	v	clunk _ing
clunks	n	clunk _s
clunks	v	clunk _es
clustered	v	cluster _ed
clustering	v	cluster _ing
clusters	n	cluster _s
clusters	v	cluster _es
clutched	v	clutch _ed
clutches	n	clutch _s
clutches	v	clutch _es
clutching	v	clutch _ing
cluttered	v	clutter _ed
cluttering	v	clutter _ing
clutters	n	clutter _s
clutters	v	clutter _es
cnidarians	n	cnidarian _s
coached	v	coach _ed
coaches	n	coach _s
coaches	v	coach _es
coaching	v	coach _ing
coadjutors	n	coadjutor _s
coagulants	n	coagulant _s
coagulated	v	coagulate _ed
coagulates	v	coagulate _es
coalesced	v	coalesce _ed
coalesces	v	coalesce _es
coalfields	n	coalfield _s
coaling	v	coal _ing
coalitions	n	coalition _s
coals	n	coal _s
coals	v	coal _es
coarsely	r	coarse _ly
coarsened	v	coarsen _ed
coarseness	n	coarse _ness
coarseness	v	coarse _ness
coarsening	v	coarsen _ing
coarsens	v	coarsen _es
coarser	a	coarse _r
coarsest	a	coarse _st
coastal	a	coast _al
coastal	n	coast _al
coastal	v	coast _al
coasted	v	coast _ed
coaster	n	coast _er
coasters	n	coast _er _s
coastguards	n	coastguard _s
coasting	v	coast _ing
coastlines	n	coastline _s
coasts	n	coast _s
coasts	v	coast _es
coated	v	coat _ed
coating	v	coat _ing
coatings	n	coating _s
coats	n	coat _s
coats	v	coat _es
coattails	n	coattail _s
coauthors	n	coauthor _s
coaxed	v	coax _ed
coaxes	n	coax _s
coaxes	v	coax _es
coaxing	v	coax _ing
cobbers	n	cobber _s
cobbled	v	cobble _ed
cobbler	n	cobble _er
cobblers	n	cobble _er _s
cobbles	n	cobble _s
cobbles	v	cobble _es
cobblestones	n	cobblestone _s
cobnuts	n	cobnut _s
cobras	n	cobra _s
cobs	n	cob _s
cobwebs	n	cobweb _s
cochleae	n	cochlea _e
cochleas	n	cochlea _s
cockades	n	cockade _s
cockatiels	n	cockatiel _s
cockatoos	n	cockatoo _s
cockatrices	n	cockatrice _s
cockchafers	n	cockchafer _s
cocked	v	cock _ed
cockerels	n	cockerel _s
cockfights	n	cockfight _s
cockiness	n	cock _y _ness
cocking	v	cock _ing
cockles	n	cockle _s
cockles	v	cockle _es
cockleshells	n	cockleshell _s
cockneys	n	cockney _s
cockpits	n	cockpit _s
cockroaches	n	cockroach _s
cocks	n	cock _s
cocks	v	cock _es
cocksuckers	n	cocksucker _s
cocktails	n	cocktail _s
cocky	a	cock _y
cocky	n	cock _y
cocky	v	cock _y
cocoas	n	cocoa _s
coconuts	n	coconut _s
cocooned	v	cocoon _ed
cocooning	v	cocoon _ing
cocoons	n	cocoon _s
cocoons	v	cocoon _es
cocos	n	coco _s
codas	n	coda _s
codding	v	cod _ing
coddled	v	coddle _ed
coddles	v	coddle _es
coded	v	cod _ed
coders	n	coder _s
codes	n	code _s
codes	v	cod _es
codgers	n	codger _s
codicils	n	codicil _s
codifications	n	codification _s
codifying	v	codify _ing
coding	v	cod _ing
codons	n	codon _s
codpieces	n	codpiece _s
cods	n	cod _s
cods	v	cod _es
coefficients	n	coefficient _s
coelenterates	n	coelenterate _s
coerced	v	coerce _ed
coerces	v	coerce _es
coercion	n	coerce _ion
coevals	n	coeval _s
coexisted	v	coexist _ed
coexisting	v	coexist _ing
coexists	v	coexist _es
coffeehouses	n	coffeehouse _s
coffeepots	n	coffeepot _s
coffees	n	coffee _s
cofferdams	n	cofferdam _s
coffers	n	coffer _s
coffined	v	coffin _ed
coffins	n	coffin _s
coffins	v	coffin _es
cogently	r	cogent _ly
cogitated	v	cogitate _ed
cogitations	n	cogitation _s
cognacs	n	cognac _s
cognates	n	cognate _s
cogs	n	cog _s
cogs	v	cog _es
cogwheels	n	cogwheel _s
cohabited	v	cohabit _ed
cohabiting	v	cohabit _ing
cohabits	v	cohabit _es
cohered	v	cohere _ed
coherently	r	cohere _ent _ly
coheres	v	cohere _es
cohesively	r	cohesive _ly
cohesiveness	n	cohesive _ness
cohorts	n	cohort _s
coiffed	v	coif _ed
coiffing	v	coif _ing
coiffured	v	coiffure _ed
coiffures	n	coiffure _s
coifs	n	coif _s
coiled	v	coil _ed
coiling	v	coil _ing
coils	n	coil _s
coils	v	coil _es
coinages	n	coinage _s
coincided	v	coincide _ed
coincidences	n	coincidence _s
coincidental	a	coincidence _al
coincidental	n	coincidence _al
coincidentally	r	coincidence _al _ly
coincides	v	coincide _es
coined	v	coin _ed
coiners	n	coiner _s
coining	v	coin _ing
coins	n	coin _s
coins	v	coin _es
coital	a	coitus _al
coital	n	coitus _al
coked	v	coke _ed
cokes	n	coke _s
cokes	v	coke _es
colanders	n	colander _s
colas	n	cola _s
colder	a	cold _er
coldest	a	cold _est
coldly	a	cold _ly
coldly	n	cold _ly
coldly	r	cold _ly
coldness	a	cold _ness
coldness	n	cold _ness
colds	n	cold _s
colicky	a	colic _y
coliseums	n	coliseum _s
collaborated	v	collaborate _ed
collaborates	v	collaborate _es
collaborationist	n	collaborate _ion _ist
collaborations	n	collaboration _s
collaborators	n	collaborator _s
collages	n	collage _s
collapsed	v	collapse _ed
collapses	n	collapse _s
collapses	v	collapse _es
collarbones	n	collarbone _s
collards	n	collard _s
collared	v	collar _ed
collaring	v	collar _ing
collars	n	collar _s
collars	v	collar _es
collated	v	collate _ed
collates	v	collate _es
colleagues	n	colleague _s
collected	v	collect _ed
collectibles	n	collectible _s
collecting	v	collect _ing
collections	n	collection _s
collectively	n	collect _ive _ly
collectively	r	collect _ive _ly
collectively	v	collect _ive _ly
collectives	n	collective _s
collectivists	n	collectivist _s
collectivize	v	collect _ive _ize
collectivized	v	collect _ive _ize _ed
collectors	n	collector _s
collects	n	collect _s
collects	v	collect _es
colleens	n	colleen _s
colleges	n	college _s
collegians	n	collegian _s
collided	v	collide _ed
colliders	n	collider _s
collides	v	collide _es
colliers	n	collier _s
collies	n	collie _s
collision	n	collide _ion
collisions	n	collide _ion _s
collocated	v	collocate _ed
collocations	n	collocation _s
colloids	n	colloid _s
colloquial	a	colloquy _al
colloquial	n	colloquy _al
colloquialisms	n	colloquialism _s
colloquially	r	colloquy _al _ly
colluded	v	collude _ed
colludes	v	collude _es
collusion	n	collude _ion
colognes	n	cologne _s
colonels	n	colonel _s
colones	n	colon _s
colonial	a	colony _al
colonial	n	colony _al
colonial	v	colony _al
colonialists	n	colonialist _s
colonials	n	colony _al _s
colonist	n	colony _ist
colonists	n	colony _ist _s
colonize	v	colony _ize
colonized	v	colony _ize _ed
colonizer	n	colony _ize _er
colonizers	n	colony _ize _er _s
colonizes	v	colony _ize _es
colonnades	n	colonnade _s
colons	n	colon _s
colossally	r	colossal _ly
coloured	v	colour _ed
colourful	a	colour _ful
colourful	n	colour _ful
colourful	v	colour _ful
colouring	v	colour _ing
colourless	a	colour _less
colourless	n	colour _less
colours	n	colour _s
colours	v	colour _es
cols	n	col _s
colts	n	colt _s
columbines	n	columbine _s
columnists	n	columnist _s
columns	n	column _s
comas	n	coma _s
combatants	n	combatant _s
combated	v	combat _ed
combating	v	combat _ing
combats	n	combat _s
combats	v	combat _es
combed	v	comb _ed
comber	n	comb _er
combers	n	comb _er _s
combinations	n	combination _s
combined	v	combine _ed
combines	n	combine _s
combines	v	combine _es
combing	v	comb _ing
combings	n	combing _s
combos	n	combo _s
combs	n	comb _s
combs	v	comb _es
combusted	v	combust _ed
combustibles	n	combustible _s
combusting	v	combust _ing
combustion	a	combust _ion
combustion	n	combust _ion
combusts	v	combust _es
comebacks	n	comeback _s
comedians	n	comedian _s
comediennes	n	comedienne _s
comedowns	n	comedown _s
comeliness	n	comely _ness
comer	a	come _er
comer	n	come _er
comer	v	come _er
comers	n	come _er _s
comes	n	come _s
comes	v	come _es
comestibles	n	comestible _s
comets	n	comet _s
comeuppances	n	comeuppance _s
comfortable	a	comfort _able
comfortable	n	comfort _able
comfortable	v	comfort _able
comfortably	a	comfort _able _ly
comfortably	n	comfort _able _ly
comfortably	r	comfort _able _ly
comfortably	v	comfort _able _ly
comforted	v	comfort _ed
comforter	n	comfort _er
comforters	n	comfort _er _s
comforting	v	comfort _ing
comfortless	a	comfort _less
comfortless	n	comfort _less
comforts	n	comfort _s
comforts	v	comfort _es
comfy	a	comfort _able _y
comfy	n	comfort _able _y
comfy	r	comfort _able _y
comfy	v	comfort _able _y
comical	a	comic _al
comics	n	comic _s
comings	n	coming _s
commandants	n	commandant _s
commanded	v	command _ed
commandeered	v	commandeer _ed
commandeering	v	commandeer _ing
commandeers	v	commandeer _es
commander	a	command _er
commander	n	command _er
commander	r	command _er
commander	v	command _er
commanders	n	command _er _s
commanding	v	command _ing
commandment	a	command _ment
commandment	n	command _ment
commandments	n	command _ment _s
commandos	n	commando _s
commands	n	command _s
commands	v	command _es
commas	n	comma _s
commemorated	v	commemorate _ed
commemorates	v	commemorate _es
commemorations	n	commemoration _s
commenced	v	commence _ed
commencement	a	commence _ment
commencement	n	commence _ment
commencement	v	commence _ment
commencements	n	commence _ment _s
commences	v	commence _es
commendable	a	commend _able
commendable	n	commend _able
commendably	a	commend _able _ly
commendably	n	commend _able _ly
commendably	r	commend _able _ly
commendations	n	commendation _s
commended	v	commend _ed
commending	v	commend _ing
commends	v	commend _es
commentated	v	commentate _ed
commentates	v	commentate _es
commentators	n	commentator _s
commented	v	comment _ed
commenting	v	comment _ing
comments	n	comment _s
comments	v	comment _es
commercialized	v	commercial _ize _ed
commercializes	v	commercialize _es
commercially	n	commerce _al _ly
commercially	r	commerce _al _ly
commercials	n	commercial _s
commies	n	commie _s
commingled	v	commingle _ed
commingles	v	commingle _es
commiserated	v	commiserate _ed
commiserates	v	commiserate _es
commiserations	n	commiseration _s
commissariats	n	commissariat _s
commissars	n	commissar _s
commissionaires	n	commissionaire _s
commissioned	v	commission _ed
commissioner	a	commit _ion _er
commissioner	n	commit _ion _er
commissioner	v	commit _ion _er
commissioners	n	commit _ion _er _s
commissioning	v	commission _ing
commissions	n	commission _s
commissions	v	commission _es
commitment	a	commit _ment
commitment	n	commit _ment
commitment	v	commit _ment
commitments	n	commit _ment _s
commits	v	commit _es
committals	n	committal _s
committed	v	commit _ed
committees	n	committee _s
committing	v	commit _ing
commodes	n	commode _s
commodores	n	commodore _s
commoner	a	common _er
commoners	n	commoner _s
commonest	a	common _est
commonly	a	common _ly
commonly	n	common _ly
commonly	r	common _ly
commonly	v	common _ly
commonness	n	common _ness
commonplaces	n	commonplace _s
commons	n	common _s
commonwealths	n	commonwealth _s
commotions	n	commotion _s
communal	a	commune _al
communal	n	commune _al
communal	v	commune _al
communed	v	commune _ed
communes	n	commune _s
communes	v	commune _es
communicable	a	communicate _able
communicants	n	communicant _s
communicated	v	communicate _ed
communicates	v	communicate _es
communication	a	communicate _ion
communication	n	communicate _ion
communication	v	communicate _ion
communications	n	communicate _ion _s
communicators	n	communicator _s
communions	n	communion _s
communiques	n	communique _s
communistic	a	commune _ism _ist _ic
communists	n	communist _s
community	n	commune _al _ity
commutations	n	commutation _s
commutators	n	commutator _s
commuted	v	commute _ed
commuter	a	commute _er
commuter	n	commute _er
commuter	v	commute _er
commuters	n	commute _er _s
commutes	n	commute _s
commutes	v	commute _es
compacted	v	compact _ed
compacting	v	compact _ing
compactly	r	compact _ly
compactness	n	compact _ness
compacts	n	compact _s
compacts	v	compact _es
companions	n	companion _s
comparable	a	compare _able
comparable	n	compare _able
comparably	n	compare _able _ly
comparably	r	compare _able _ly
comparatively	a	compare _ate _ive _ly
comparatively	r	compare _ate _ive _ly
comparatives	n	comparative _s
compared	v	compare _ed
compares	n	compare _s
compares	v	compare _es
comparisons	n	comparison _s
compartmental	a	compartment _al
compartmentalized	v	compartmentalize _ed
compartmentalizes	v	compartmentalize _es
compartments	n	compartment _s
compasses	n	compass _s
compasses	v	compass _es
compassing	v	compass _ing
compassionately	r	com_ passion _ate _ly
compatibility	n	compact _ible _ity
compatriots	n	compatriot _s
compeers	n	compeer _s
compelled	v	compel _ed
compelling	v	compel _ing
compellingly	n	compel _ing _ly
compellingly	r	compel _ing _ly
compels	v	compel _es
compendious	a	compendium _ous
compendiums	n	compendium _s
compensated	v	compensate _ed
compensates	v	compensate _es
compensations	n	compensation _s
compered	v	compere _ed
comperes	n	compere _s
comperes	v	compere _es
competed	v	compete _ed
competences	n	competence _s
competently	r	competent _ly
competes	v	compete _es
competitions	n	competition _s
competitively	a	competition _ive _ly
competitively	r	competition _ive _ly
competitiveness	a	competitive _ness
competitiveness	n	competitive _ness
competitiveness	v	competitive _ness
competitors	n	competitor _s
compilations	n	compilation _s
compiled	v	compile _ed
compiler	n	compile _er
compiler	r	compile _er
compilers	n	compile _er _s
compiles	v	compile _es
complacently	n	complacent _ly
complacently	r	complacent _ly
complainants	n	complainant _s
complained	v	complain _ed
complainer	n	complain _er
complainers	n	complain _er _s
complaining	v	complain _ing
complains	v	complain _es
complaints	n	complaint _s
complected	v	complect _ed
complemented	v	complement _ed
complementing	v	complement _ing
complements	n	complement _s
complements	v	complement _es
completed	v	complete _ed
completely	a	complete _ly
completely	n	complete _ly
completely	r	complete _ly
completeness	n	complete _ness
completeness	v	complete _ness
completes	v	complete _es
completion	n	complete _ion
completion	v	complete _ion
completions	n	complete _ion _s
complexes	n	complex _s
complexioned	v	complexion _ed
complexions	n	complexion _s
complexity	n	complex _ity
complicated	v	complicate _ed
complicates	v	complicate _es
complications	n	complication _s
complimented	v	compliment _ed
complimenting	v	compliment _ing
compliments	n	compliment _s
compliments	v	compliment _es
complying	v	comply _ing
components	n	component _s
comported	v	comport _ed
comporting	v	comport _ing
comportment	n	comport _ment
comports	v	comport _es
composed	v	compose _ed
composer	a	compose _er
composer	n	compose _er
composer	v	compose _er
composers	n	compose _er _s
composes	v	compose _es
composites	n	composite _s
compositions	n	composition _s
compositors	n	compositor _s
composted	v	compost _ed
composting	v	compost _ing
composts	n	compost _s
composts	v	compost _es
compotes	n	compote _s
compounded	v	compound _ed
compounding	v	compound _ing
compounds	n	compound _s
compounds	v	compound _es
comprehended	v	comprehend _ed
comprehending	v	comprehend _ing
comprehends	v	comprehend _es
comprehensibility	n	comprehend _ible _ity
comprehensions	n	comprehension _s
comprehensively	a	comprehend _sive _ly
comprehensively	r	comprehend _sive _ly
comprehensiveness	a	comprehend _sive _ness
comprehensiveness	n	comprehend _sive _ness
comprehensiveness	v	comprehend _sive _ness
comprehensives	n	comprehensive _s
compressed	v	compress _ed
compresses	n	compress _s
compresses	v	compress _es
compressing	v	compress _ing
compressors	n	compressor _s
comprised	v	comprise _ed
comprises	v	comprise _es
compromised	v	compromise _ed
compromises	n	compromise _s
compromises	v	compromise _es
comps	n	comp _s
comptrollers	n	comptroller _s
compulsion	n	compel _ion
compulsions	n	compel _ion _s
compulsively	r	compulse _ive _ly
compulsorily	a	compulsory _ly
compulsorily	r	compulsory _ly
compulsorily	v	compulsory _ly
compunctions	n	compunction _s
computations	n	computation _s
computed	v	compute _ed
computer	n	compute _er
computerized	v	compute _er _ize _ed
computers	n	compute _er _s
computes	v	compute _es
comrades	n	comrade _s
concatenation	n	concatenate _ion
concavity	n	concave _ity
concealed	v	conceal _ed
concealing	v	conceal _ing
concealment	a	conceal _ment
concealment	n	conceal _ment
conceals	v	conceal _es
conceded	v	concede _ed
concedes	v	concede _es
conceits	n	conceit _s
conceivable	a	conceive _able
conceivable	n	conceive _able
conceivable	v	conceive _able
conceivably	n	conceive _able _ly
conceivably	r	conceive _able _ly
conceivably	v	conceive _able _ly
conceived	v	conceive _ed
conceives	v	conceive _es
concentrated	v	concentrate _ed
concentrates	n	concentrate _s
concentrates	v	concentrate _es
concentration	a	concentrate _ion
concentration	n	concentrate _ion
concentration	v	concentrate _ion
concentrations	n	concentrate _ion _s
conceptions	n	conception _s
concepts	n	concept _s
conceptualizations	n	conceptualization _s
conceptualized	v	conceptualize _ed
conceptualizes	v	conceptualize _es
conceptually	a	concept _al _ly
conceptually	n	concept _al _ly
conceptually	r	concept _al _ly
concerned	v	concern _ed
concerning	v	concern _ing
concerns	n	concern _s
concerns	v	concern _es
concerted	v	concert _ed
concertinaed	v	concertina _ed
concertinas	n	concertina _s
concertinas	v	concertina _es
concerting	v	concert _ing
concertized	v	concertize _ed
concertos	n	concerto _s
concerts	n	concert _s
concerts	v	concert _es
concessionaires	n	concessionaire _s
concessions	n	concession _s
conchs	n	conch _s
concierges	n	concierge _s
conciliated	v	conciliate _ed
conciliators	n	conciliator _s
concisely	r	concise _ly
conciseness	n	concise _ness
conclaves	n	conclave _s
concluded	v	conclude _ed
concludes	v	conclude _es
conclusions	n	conclusion _s
conclusively	r	conclusive _ly
concocted	v	concoct _ed
concocting	v	concoct _ing
concoctions	n	concoction _s
concocts	v	concoct _es
concomitantly	r	concomitant _ly
concomitants	n	concomitant _s
concordances	n	concordance _s
concordats	n	concordat _s
concourses	n	concourse _s
concreted	v	concrete _ed
concretely	r	concrete _ly
concretes	n	concrete _s
concretion	n	concrete _ion
concretions	n	concrete _ion _s
concubines	n	concubine _s
concurred	v	concur _ed
concurrences	n	concurrence _s
concurrently	r	con_ current _ly
concurrently	v	con_ current _ly
concurring	v	concur _ing
concurs	v	concur _es
concussed	v	concuss _ed
concusses	v	concuss _es
concussion	n	concuss _ion
concussion	v	concuss _ion
concussions	n	concuss _ion _s
condemnations	n	condemnation _s
condemned	v	condemn _ed
condemning	v	condemn _ing
condemns	v	condemn _es
condensates	n	condensate _s
condensations	n	condensation _s
condensed	v	condense _ed
condenser	n	condense _er
condensers	n	condense _er _s
condenses	v	condense _es
condescended	v	condescend _ed
condescending	v	condescend _ing
condescendingly	r	con_ descend _ing _ly
condescends	v	condescend _es
condescension	n	condescend _ion
condiments	n	condiment _s
conditional	a	condition _al
conditional	n	condition _al
conditional	v	condition _al
conditionally	r	condition _al _ly
conditioned	v	condition _ed
conditioners	n	conditioner _s
conditioning	v	condition _ing
conditions	n	condition _s
condoled	v	condole _ed
condolences	n	condolence _s
condominiums	n	condominium _s
condoms	n	condom _s
condoned	v	condone _ed
condones	v	condone _es
condors	n	condor _s
condos	n	condo _s
conduced	v	conduce _ed
conduces	v	conduce _es
conducted	v	conduct _ed
conducting	v	conduct _ing
conduction	n	conduct _ion
conductivity	n	conductive _ity
conductors	n	conductor _s
conducts	n	conduct _s
conducts	v	conduct _es
conduits	n	conduit _s
coned	v	con _ed
cones	n	cone _s
cones	v	con _es
coneys	n	coney _s
confabs	n	confab _s
confabulated	v	confabulate _ed
confectioners	n	confectioner _s
confections	n	confection _s
confederated	v	confederate _ed
confederates	n	confederate _s
confederates	v	confederate _es
confederations	n	confederation _s
conferees	n	conferee _s
conferences	n	conference _s
conferment	n	confer _ment
conferred	v	confer _ed
conferring	v	confer _ing
confers	v	confer _es
confessed	v	confess _ed
confesses	v	confess _es
confessing	v	confess _ing
confessional	a	confess _ion _al
confessional	n	confess _ion _al
confessionals	n	confess _ion _al _s
confessions	n	confession _s
confessors	n	confessor _s
confidantes	n	confidante _s
confidants	n	confidant _s
confided	v	confide _ed
confidences	n	confidence _s
confidentiality	n	confident _al _ity
confidentially	r	confident _al _ly
confidentially	v	confident _al _ly
confidently	n	confident _ly
confidently	r	confident _ly
confidently	v	confident _ly
confides	v	confide _es
configurations	n	configuration _s
configured	v	configure _ed
configures	v	configure _es
confined	v	confine _ed
confinement	a	confine _ment
confinement	n	confine _ment
confinement	v	confine _ment
confinements	n	confine _ment _s
confines	v	confine _es
confirmations	n	confirmation _s
confirmed	v	confirm _ed
confirming	v	confirm _ing
confirms	v	confirm _es
confiscated	v	confiscate _ed
confiscates	v	confiscate _es
confiscation	n	confiscate _ion
confiscations	n	confiscate _ion _s
conflagrations	n	conflagration _s
conflated	v	conflate _ed
conflates	v	conflate _es
conflicted	v	conflict _ed
conflicting	v	conflict _ing
conflicts	n	conflict _s
conflicts	v	conflict _es
confluences	n	confluence _s
conformable	a	conform _able
conformations	n	conformation _s
conformed	v	conform _ed
conforming	v	conform _ing
conformist	a	conform _ist
conformist	n	conform _ist
conformists	n	conform _ist _s
conforms	v	conform _es
confounded	v	confound _ed
confounding	v	confound _ing
confounds	v	confound _es
confreres	n	confrere _s
confrontations	n	confrontation _s
confronted	v	confront _ed
confronting	v	confront _ing
confronts	v	confront _es
confused	v	confuse _ed
confusedly	r	confuse _ed _ly
confuses	v	confuse _es
confusingly	n	confuse _ing _ly
confusingly	r	confuse _ing _ly
confusions	n	confusion _s
confuted	v	confute _ed
confutes	v	confute _es
congas	n	conga _s
congealed	v	congeal _ed
congealing	v	congeal _ing
congeals	v	congeal _es
congenitally	r	con_ genital _ly
congers	n	conger _s
congested	v	congest _ed
congesting	v	congest _ing
congestion	n	congest _ion
congests	v	congest _es
conglomerated	v	conglomerate _ed
conglomerates	n	conglomerate _s
conglomerates	v	conglomerate _es
conglomerations	n	conglomeration _s
congratulated	v	congratulate _ed
congratulates	v	congratulate _es
congratulations	n	congratulation _s
congregants	n	congregant _s
congregated	v	congregate _ed
congregates	v	congregate _es
congregational	a	congregate _ion _al
congregational	n	congregate _ion _al
congregationalists	n	congregationalist _s
congregations	n	congregation _s
congresses	n	congress _s
congressional	a	congress _al
congruity	n	congruous _ity
conic	a	cone _ic
conically	n	cone _ic _al _ly
coniferous	a	conifer _ous
conifers	n	conifer _s
coning	v	con _ing
conjectural	a	conjecture _al
conjectured	v	conjecture _ed
conjectures	n	conjecture _s
conjectures	v	conjecture _es
conjoined	v	conjoin _ed
conjoining	v	conjoin _ing
conjoins	v	conjoin _es
conjointly	r	con_ joint _ly
conjugated	v	conjugate _ed
conjugates	n	conjugate _s
conjugates	v	conjugate _es
conjugation	n	conjugate _ion
conjugations	n	conjugate _ion _s
conjunctions	n	conjunction _s
conjunctures	n	conjuncture _s
conjurations	n	conjuration _s
conjured	v	conjure _ed
conjurer	n	conjure _er
conjurers	n	conjure _er _s
conjures	v	conjure _es
conked	v	conk _ed
conkers	n	conker _s
conking	v	conk _ing
conks	n	conk _s
conks	v	conk _es
connected	v	connect _ed
connecting	v	connect _ing
connections	n	connection _s
connectives	n	connective _s
connectors	n	connector _s
connects	v	connect _es
conned	v	con _ed
conning	v	con _ing
conniptions	n	conniption _s
connived	v	connive _ed
connives	v	connive _es
connoisseurs	n	connoisseur _s
connotations	n	connotation _s
connoted	v	connote _ed
connotes	v	connote _es
conquered	v	conquer _ed
conquering	v	conquer _ing
conquerors	n	conqueror _s
conquers	v	conquer _es
conquests	n	conquest _s
conquistadors	n	conquistador _s
cons	n	con _s
cons	v	con _es
consanguinity	n	consanguineous _ity
consciences	n	conscience _s
conscientious	a	conscience _ous
conscientious	n	conscience _ous
conscientiously	a	conscience _ous _ly
conscientiously	r	conscience _ous _ly
conscientiousness	n	conscience _ous _ness
consciously	a	conscious _ly
consciously	n	conscious _ly
consciously	r	conscious _ly
consciously	v	conscious _ly
consciousness	a	conscious _ness
consciousness	n	conscious _ness
consciousness	r	conscious _ness
consciousness	v	conscious _ness
consciousnesses	n	conscious _ness _s
conscripted	v	conscript _ed
conscripting	v	conscript _ing
conscription	n	conscript _ion
conscripts	n	conscript _s
conscripts	v	conscript _es
consecrated	v	consecrate _ed
consecrates	v	consecrate _es
consecrations	n	consecration _s
consecutively	r	consecutive _ly
consensuses	n	consensus _s
consented	v	consent _ed
consenting	v	consent _ing
consents	n	consent _s
consents	v	consent _es
consequences	n	consequence _s
consequentially	r	consequence _al _ly
consequently	n	con_ sequent _ly
consequently	r	con_ sequent _ly
consequently	v	con_ sequent _ly
conservationists	n	conservationist _s
conservatively	r	conservative _ly
conservatively	v	conservative _ly
conservatives	n	conservative _s
conservatoires	n	conservatoire _s
conservators	n	conservator _s
conserved	v	conserve _ed
conserves	n	conserve _s
conserves	v	conserve _es
considerable	a	consider _able
considerable	n	consider _able
considerable	v	consider _able
considerably	a	consider _able _ly
considerably	n	consider _able _ly
considerably	r	consider _able _ly
considerably	v	consider _able _ly
considerately	r	considerate _ly
considerations	n	consideration _s
considered	v	consider _ed
considering	v	consider _ing
considers	v	consider _es
consigned	v	consign _ed
consignees	n	consignee _s
consigning	v	consign _ing
consignment	a	con_ sign _ment
consignment	n	con_ sign _ment
consignments	n	con_ sign _ment _s
consignors	n	consignor _s
consigns	v	consign _es
consing	v	con _ing
consisted	v	consist _ed
consistently	n	consist _ent _ly
consistently	r	consist _ent _ly
consistently	v	consist _ent _ly
consisting	v	consist _ing
consists	v	consist _es
consolations	n	consolation _s
consoled	v	console _ed
consoles	n	console _s
consoles	v	console _es
consolidated	v	consolidate _ed
consolidates	v	consolidate _es
consolidations	n	consolidation _s
consonances	n	consonance _s
consonants	n	consonant _s
consorted	v	consort _ed
consorting	v	consort _ing
consorts	n	consort _s
consorts	v	consort _es
conspicuously	a	conspicuous _ly
conspicuously	r	conspicuous _ly
conspicuousness	n	conspicuous _ness
conspicuousness	v	conspicuous _ness
conspiratorially	r	conspiracy _al _ly
conspirators	n	conspirator _s
conspired	v	conspire _ed
conspires	v	conspire _es
constables	n	constable _s
constantly	n	constant _ly
constantly	r	constant _ly
constantly	v	constant _ly
constants	n	constant _s
constellations	n	constellation _s
constipated	v	constipate _ed
constipates	v	constipate _es
constipation	n	constipate _ion
constituents	n	constituent _s
constituted	v	constitute _ed
constitutes	v	constitute _es
constitution	n	constitute _ion
constitutional	a	constitute _ion _al
constitutionally	n	constitute _ion _al _ly
constitutionally	r	constitute _ion _al _ly
constitutionals	n	constitute _ion _al _s
constitutions	n	constitute _ion _s
constrained	v	constrain _ed
constraining	v	constrain _ing
constrains	v	constrain _es
constraints	n	constraint _s
constricted	v	constrict _ed
constricting	v	constrict _ing
constrictions	n	constriction _s
constrictors	n	constrictor _s
constricts	v	constrict _es
constructed	v	construct _ed
constructing	v	construct _ing
constructional	a	construct _ion _al
constructional	n	construct _ion _al
constructions	n	construction _s
constructively	r	construct _ive _ly
constructors	n	constructor _s
constructs	n	construct _s
constructs	v	construct _es
construed	v	construe _ed
construes	v	construe _es
consulates	n	consulate _s
consuls	n	consul _s
consultants	n	consultant _s
consultations	n	consultation _s
consulted	v	consult _ed
consulting	v	consult _ing
consults	v	consult _es
consumed	v	consume _ed
consumer	n	consume _er
consumers	n	consume _er _s
consumes	v	consume _es
consummated	v	consummate _ed
consummately	r	consummate _ly
consummates	v	consummate _es
consummations	n	consummation _s
consumptives	n	consumptive _s
contacted	v	contact _ed
contacting	v	contact _ing
contacts	n	contact _s
contacts	v	contact _es
contagions	n	contagion _s
contagious	a	contagion _ous
contained	v	contain _ed
container	a	contain _er
container	n	contain _er
container	v	contain _er
containerized	v	contain _er _ize _ed
containers	n	contain _er _s
containing	v	contain _ing
containment	a	contain _ment
containment	n	contain _ment
containment	v	contain _ment
contains	v	contain _es
contaminants	n	contaminant _s
contaminated	v	contaminate _ed
contaminates	v	contaminate _es
contemplated	v	contemplate _ed
contemplates	v	contemplate _es
contemplation	n	contemplate _ion
contemplation	v	contemplate _ion
contemplatives	n	contemplative _s
contemporaneously	r	contemporaneous _ly
contemptuous	a	contempt _ous
contemptuously	n	contempt _ous _ly
contemptuously	r	contempt _ous _ly
contended	v	contend _ed
contender	n	contend _er
contender	v	contend _er
contenders	n	contend _er _s
contending	v	contend _ing
contends	v	contend _es
contented	v	content _ed
contentedly	r	content _ed _ly
contenting	v	content _ing
contentions	n	contention _s
contentiously	n	contention _ous _ly
contentiously	r	contention _ous _ly
contentiousness	n	content _ious _ness
contentment	a	content _ment
contentment	n	content _ment
contentment	v	content _ment
contents	n	content _s
contents	v	content _es
contestable	a	contest _able
contestants	n	contestant _s
contested	v	contest _ed
contesting	v	contest _ing
contests	n	contest _s
contests	v	contest _es
contexts	n	context _s
contextually	r	context _al _ly
contiguity	n	contiguous _ity
contiguously	r	contiguous _ly
continental	a	continent _al
continental	n	continent _al
continental	v	continent _al
continents	n	continent _s
contingently	r	contingent _ly
contingents	n	contingent _s
continual	a	continue _al
continual	v	continue _al
continually	n	continue _al _ly
continually	r	continue _al _ly
continually	v	continue _al _ly
continuances	n	continuance _s
continuations	n	continuation _s
continued	v	continue _ed
continues	v	continue _es
continuity	a	continue _ous _ity
continuity	n	continue _ous _ity
continuous	a	continue _ous
continuously	n	continue _ous _ly
continuously	r	continue _ous _ly
continuously	v	continue _ous _ly
contorted	v	contort _ed
contorting	v	contort _ing
contortion	n	contort _ion
contortionist	n	contort _ion _ist
contortionists	n	contort _ion _ist _s
contortions	n	contort _ion _s
contorts	v	contort _es
contoured	v	contour _ed
contouring	v	contour _ing
contours	n	contour _s
contours	v	contour _es
contrabassoons	n	contrabassoon _s
contraceptives	n	contraceptive _s
contracted	v	contract _ed
contracting	v	contract _ing
contractions	n	contraction _s
contractors	n	contractor _s
contracts	n	contract _s
contracts	v	contract _es
contractually	r	contract _al _ly
contradicted	v	contradict _ed
contradicting	v	contradict _ing
contradictions	n	contradiction _s
contradicts	v	contradict _es
contrails	n	contrail _s
contraindicated	v	contraindicate _ed
contraindication	n	contraindicate _ion
contraindications	n	contraindicate _ion _s
contraltos	n	contralto _s
contraptions	n	contraption _s
contrarians	n	contrarian _s
contrarily	r	contrary _ly
contrariness	n	contrary _ness
contrasted	v	contrast _ed
contrasting	v	contrast _ing
contrasts	n	contrast _s
contrasts	v	contrast _es
contravened	v	contravene _ed
contravenes	v	contravene _es
contraventions	n	contravention _s
contributed	v	contribute _ed
contributes	v	contribute _es
contributions	n	contribution _s
contributors	n	contributor _s
contrivances	n	contrivance _s
contrived	v	contrive _ed
contrives	v	contrive _es
controllable	a	control _able
controlled	v	control _ed
controller	n	control _er
controller	r	control _er
controller	v	control _er
controllers	n	control _er _s
controlling	v	control _ing
controls	n	control _s
controls	v	control _es
controversial	a	controversy _al
controversially	r	controversy _al _ly
controverted	v	controvert _ed
contumacious	a	contumacy _ous
contused	v	contuse _ed
contusions	n	contusion _s
conundrums	n	conundrum _s
conurbations	n	conurbation _s
convalesced	v	convalesce _ed
convalescences	n	convalescence _s
convalescents	n	convalescent _s
convalesces	v	convalesce _es
convectors	n	convector _s
convened	v	convene _ed
convener	n	convene _er
conveners	n	convene _er _s
convenes	v	convene _es
conveniences	n	convenience _s
conveniently	r	convenient _ly
conveniently	v	convenient _ly
conventicles	n	conventicle _s
convention	n	convene _ion
convention	v	convene _ion
conventional	a	convene _ion _al
conventionality	n	convene _ion _al _ity
conventionalized	v	conventionalize _ed
conventionally	a	convene _ion _al _ly
conventionally	n	convene _ion _al _ly
conventionally	r	convene _ion _al _ly
conventioneers	n	conventioneer _s
conventions	n	convene _ion _s
convents	n	convent _s
converged	v	converge _ed
convergences	n	convergence _s
converges	v	converge _es
conversational	a	conversation _al
conversational	n	conversation _al
conversationalists	n	conversationalist _s
conversationally	r	converse _ation _al _ly
conversations	n	conversation _s
conversed	v	converse _ed
conversely	r	con_ verse _ly
converses	n	converse _s
converses	v	converse _es
conversion	a	convert _ion
conversion	n	convert _ion
conversion	v	convert _ion
conversions	n	convert _ion _s
converted	v	convert _ed
converter	a	convert _er
converter	n	convert _er
converter	v	convert _er
converters	n	convert _er _s
convertibility	n	convert _ible _ity
convertibles	n	convertible _s
converting	v	convert _ing
converts	n	convert _s
converts	v	convert _es
convexity	n	convex _ity
conveyances	n	conveyance _s
conveyed	v	convey _ed
conveying	v	convey _ing
conveyors	n	conveyor _s
conveys	v	convey _es
convicted	v	convict _ed
convicting	v	convict _ing
convictions	n	conviction _s
convicts	n	convict _s
convicts	v	convict _es
convinced	v	convince _ed
convinces	v	convince _es
convincingly	n	convince _ing _ly
convincingly	r	convince _ing _ly
convincingly	v	convince _ing _ly
conviviality	n	convivial _ity
convocations	n	convocation _s
convoked	v	convoke _ed
convokes	v	convoke _es
convoluted	v	convolute _ed
convolutions	n	convolution _s
convoyed	v	convoy _ed
convoying	v	convoy _ing
convoys	n	convoy _s
convoys	v	convoy _es
convulsed	v	convulse _ed
convulses	v	convulse _es
convulsions	n	convulsion _s
convulsively	r	convulse _ive _ly
cooed	v	coo _ed
cooing	v	coo _ing
cookbooks	n	cookbook _s
cooked	v	cook _ed
cooker	n	cook _er
cookers	n	cook _er _s
cookhouses	n	cookhouse _s
cooking	v	cook _ing
cookouts	n	cookout _s
cooks	n	cook _s
cooks	v	cook _es
coolants	n	coolant _s
cooled	v	cool _ed
cooler	a	cool _er
cooler	n	cool _er
cooler	r	cool _er
cooler	v	cool _er
coolers	n	cool _er _s
coolest	a	cool _est
cooling	v	cool _ing
coolly	n	cool _ly
coolly	r	cool _ly
coolness	n	cool _ness
coolness	v	cool _ness
cools	n	cool _s
cools	v	cool _es
coons	n	coon _s
cooperated	v	cooperate _ed
cooperates	v	cooperate _es
cooperation	n	co_ operate _ion
cooperation	v	co_ operate _ion
cooperatives	n	cooperative _s
cooperators	n	cooperator _s
coopers	n	cooper _s
coops	n	coop _s
coordinated	v	coordinate _ed
coordinates	n	coordinate _s
coordinates	v	coordinate _es
coordinators	n	coordinator _s
coos	n	coo _s
coos	v	coo _es
cooties	n	cootie _s
coots	n	coot _s
coped	v	cop _ed
copes	n	cope _s
copes	v	cop _es
copier	a	copy _er
copier	n	copy _er
copiers	n	copy _er _s
copilots	n	copilot _s
coping	v	cope _ing
copings	n	cope _ing _s
copiously	r	copious _ly
copped	v	cop _ed
copperheads	n	copperhead _s
coppers	n	copper _s
coppery	a	copper _y
coppery	n	copper _y
copping	v	cop _ing
cops	n	cop _s
cops	v	cop _es
copses	n	copse _s
copulated	v	copulate _ed
copulates	v	copulate _es
copybooks	n	copybook _s
copycats	n	copycat _s
copying	v	copy _ing
copyist	n	copy _ist
copyists	n	copy _ist _s
copyrighted	v	copyright _ed
copyrighting	v	copyright _ing
copyrights	n	copyright _s
copywriters	n	copywriter _s
coquettes	n	coquette _s
coquettes	v	coquette _es
coquetting	v	coquet _ing
coquettishly	r	coquet _ish _ly
coquettishly	v	coquet _ish _ly
coracles	n	coracle _s
corals	n	coral _s
corbels	n	corbel _s
corded	v	cord _ed
cordiality	n	cordial _ity
cordially	r	cordial _ly
cordially	v	cordial _ly
cordials	n	cordial _s
cording	v	cord _ing
cordons	n	cordon _s
cords	n	cord _s
corduroys	n	corduroy _s
corduroys	v	corduroy _es
cored	v	core _ed
coreligionists	n	coreligionist _s
corer	n	core _er
corers	n	core _er _s
cores	n	core _s
cores	v	core _es
corespondents	n	corespondent _s
corgis	n	corgi _s
corked	v	cork _ed
corker	n	cork _er
corkers	n	cork _er _s
corking	v	cork _ing
corks	n	cork _s
corks	v	cork _es
corkscrewed	v	corkscrew _ed
corkscrewing	v	corkscrew _ing
corkscrews	n	corkscrew _s
corkscrews	v	corkscrew _es
cormorants	n	cormorant _s
corms	n	corm _s
corncobs	n	corncob _s
corncrakes	n	corncrake _s
corneal	a	cornea _al
corneal	n	cornea _al
corneas	n	cornea _s
corned	v	corn _ed
cornered	v	corner _ed
cornering	v	corner _ing
corners	n	corner _s
corners	v	corner _es
cornerstones	n	cornerstone _s
cornets	n	cornet _s
cornfields	n	cornfield _s
cornflowers	n	cornflower _s
cornices	n	cornice _s
corning	v	corn _ing
corns	n	corn _s
cornstalks	n	cornstalk _s
cornucopias	n	cornucopia _s
corny	a	corn _y
corny	n	corn _y
corny	v	corn _y
corollas	n	corolla _s
coronas	n	corona _s
coronations	n	coronation _s
coroners	n	coroner _s
coronets	n	coronet _s
corporals	n	corporal _s
corporately	r	corporate _ly
corporations	n	corporation _s
corps	n	corp _s
corpses	n	corps _s
corpuscles	n	corpuscle _s
corralled	v	corral _ed
corralling	v	corral _ing
corrals	n	corral _s
corrals	v	corral _es
corrected	v	correct _ed
correcting	v	correct _ing
correction	n	correct _ion
corrections	n	correct _ion _s
correctives	n	corrective _s
correctly	n	correct _ly
correctly	r	correct _ly
correctly	v	correct _ly
correctness	n	correct _ness
corrects	v	correct _es
correlated	v	correlate _ed
correlates	n	correlate _s
correlates	v	correlate _es
correlations	n	correlation _s
correlatives	n	correlative _s
corresponded	v	correspond _ed
correspondences	n	correspondence _s
correspondents	n	correspondent _s
corresponding	v	correspond _ing
correspondingly	n	correspond _ing _ly
correspondingly	r	correspond _ing _ly
correspondingly	v	correspond _ing _ly
corresponds	v	correspond _es
corridors	n	corridor _s
corries	n	corrie _s
corroborated	v	corroborate _ed
corroborates	v	corroborate _es
corroboration	n	corroborate _ion
corroborations	n	corroborate _ion _s
corroded	v	corrode _ed
corrodes	v	corrode _es
corrosion	n	corrode _ion
corrosives	n	corrosive _s
corrugated	v	corrugate _ed
corrugations	n	corrugation _s
corrupted	v	corrupt _ed
corruptibility	n	corrupt _ible _ity
corrupting	v	corrupt _ing
corruption	a	corrupt _ion
corruption	n	corrupt _ion
corruptions	n	corrupt _ion _s
corruptly	r	corrupt _ly
corrupts	v	corrupt _es
corsages	n	corsage _s
corsairs	n	corsair _s
corseted	v	corset _ed
corseting	v	corset _ing
corsets	n	corset _s
corsets	v	corset _es
corteges	n	cortege _s
coruscated	v	coruscate _ed
coruscates	v	coruscate _es
corvettes	n	corvette _s
cos	n	co _s
coshed	v	cosh _ed
coshes	n	cosh _s
coshes	v	cosh _es
coshing	v	cosh _ing
cosigned	v	cosign _ed
cosigning	v	cosign _ing
cosigns	v	cosign _es
cosines	n	cosine _s
cosmeticians	n	cosmetician _s
cosmetics	n	cosmetic _s
cosmetologists	n	cosmetologist _s
cosmic	a	cosmos _ic
cosmic	n	cosmos _ic
cosmic	v	cosmos _ic
cosmologists	n	cosmologist _s
cosmonauts	n	cosmonaut _s
cosmopolitans	n	cosmopolitan _s
cosponsored	v	cosponsor _ed
cosponsoring	v	cosponsor _ing
cosseted	v	cosset _ed
cosseting	v	cosset _ing
costed	v	cost _ed
costing	v	cost _ing
costings	n	costing _s
costliness	n	cost _ly _ness
costs	n	cost _s
costs	v	cost _es
costumed	v	costume _ed
costumers	n	costumer _s
costumes	n	costume _s
costumes	v	costume _es
costumiers	n	costumier _s
coteries	n	coterie _s
cotes	n	cote _s
cotillions	n	cotillion _s
cots	n	cot _s
cottagers	n	cottager _s
cottages	n	cottage _s
cottars	n	cottar _s
cotters	n	cotter _s
cottoned	v	cotton _ed
cottoning	v	cotton _ing
cottonmouths	n	cottonmouth _s
cottons	n	cotton _s
cottontails	n	cottontail _s
cottonwoods	n	cottonwood _s
cotyledons	n	cotyledon _s
couched	v	couch _ed
couches	n	couch _s
couches	v	couch _es
couchettes	n	couchette _s
couching	v	couch _ing
cougars	n	cougar _s
coughed	v	cough _ed
coughing	v	cough _ing
coughs	n	cough _s
coughs	v	cough _es
coulombs	n	coulomb _s
councillors	n	councillor _s
councils	n	council _s
counselled	v	counsel _ed
counselling	v	counsel _ing
counsellors	n	counsellor _s
counsels	n	counsel _s
counsels	v	counsel _es
countable	a	count _able
countdowns	n	countdown _s
counted	v	count _ed
countenanced	v	countenance _ed
countenances	n	countenance _s
countenances	v	countenance _es
counter	a	count _er
counter	n	count _er
counter	r	count _er
counter	v	count _er
counteracted	v	counteract _ed
counteracting	v	counteract _ing
counteraction	n	counteract _ion
counteractions	n	counteract _ion _s
counteracts	v	counteract _es
counterarguments	n	counterargument _s
counterattacked	v	counterattack _ed
counterattacking	v	counterattack _ing
counterattacks	n	counterattack _s
counterbalanced	v	counterbalance _ed
counterbalances	n	counterbalance _s
counterbalances	v	counterbalance _es
counterblasts	n	counterblast _s
counterclaimed	v	counterclaim _ed
counterclaiming	v	counterclaim _ing
counterclaims	n	counterclaim _s
counterclaims	v	counterclaim _es
countercultures	n	counterculture _s
countered	v	count _er _ed
counterexamples	n	counterexample _s
counterfeited	v	counterfeit _ed
counterfeiter	n	counterfeit _er
counterfeiters	n	counterfeit _er _s
counterfeiting	v	counterfeit _ing
counterfeits	n	counterfeit _s
counterfeits	v	counterfeit _es
counterfoils	n	counterfoil _s
countering	v	count _er _ing
countermanded	v	countermand _ed
countermanding	v	countermand _ing
countermands	n	countermand _s
countermands	v	countermand _es
countermeasures	n	countermeasure _s
countermoves	n	countermove _s
counteroffensives	n	counteroffensive _s
counteroffers	n	counteroffer _s
counterpanes	n	counterpane _s
counterparts	n	counterpart _s
counterpointed	v	counterpoint _ed
counterpointing	v	counterpoint _ing
counterpoints	n	counterpoint _s
counterpoints	v	counterpoint _es
counterpoised	v	counterpoise _ed
counterpoises	n	counterpoise _s
counterrevolutions	n	counterrevolution _s
counters	n	count _er _s
counters	v	count _er _es
countersigned	v	countersign _ed
countertenors	n	countertenor _s
countervailed	v	countervail _ed
countervailing	v	countervail _ing
counterweights	n	counterweight _s
countess	v	count _es
countesses	n	countess _s
counting	v	count _ing
countless	a	count _less
countless	n	count _less
countless	v	count _less
countrysides	n	countryside _s
counts	n	count _s
counts	v	count _es
coupes	n	coupe _s
coupled	v	couple _ed
couples	n	couple _s
couples	v	couple _es
couplets	n	couplet _s
couplings	n	coupling _s
coupons	n	coupon _s
coups	n	coup _s
courageous	a	courage _ous
courageously	n	courage _ous _ly
courageously	r	courage _ous _ly
courgettes	n	courgette _s
couriers	n	courier _s
coursed	v	course _ed
courser	n	course _er
coursers	n	course _er _s
courses	n	course _s
courses	v	course _es
courted	v	court _ed
courteously	n	courteous _ly
courteously	r	courteous _ly
courtesans	n	courtesan _s
courthouses	n	courthouse _s
courtiers	n	courtier _s
courting	v	court _ing
courtliness	n	court _ly _ness
courtrooms	n	courtroom _s
courts	n	court _s
courts	v	court _es
courtships	n	courtship _s
courtyards	n	courtyard _s
cousins	n	cousin _s
couturiers	n	couturier _s
covenanted	v	covenant _ed
covenanting	v	covenant _ing
covenants	n	covenant _s
covenants	v	covenant _es
covens	n	coven _s
coveralls	n	coverall _s
covered	v	cover _ed
covering	v	cover _ing
coverings	n	covering _s
coverlets	n	coverlet _s
covers	n	cover _s
covers	v	cover _es
covertly	r	covert _ly
coverts	n	covert _s
coves	n	cove _s
coveted	v	covet _ed
coveting	v	covet _ing
covetousness	n	covetous _ness
covetousness	v	covetous _ness
covets	v	covet _es
cowards	n	coward _s
cowbells	n	cowbell _s
cowbirds	n	cowbird _s
cowboys	n	cowboy _s
cowed	v	cow _ed
cowered	v	cower _ed
cowering	v	cower _ing
cowers	v	cower _es
cowgirls	n	cowgirl _s
cowhands	n	cowhand _s
cowherds	n	cowherd _s
cowhides	n	cowhide _s
cowing	v	cow _ing
cowlicks	n	cowlick _s
cowling	v	cowl _ing
cowlings	n	cowling _s
cowls	n	cowl _s
cowls	v	cowl _es
cowpokes	n	cowpoke _s
cows	n	cow _s
cows	v	cow _es
cowsheds	n	cowshed _s
cowslips	n	cowslip _s
coxed	v	cox _ed
coxes	n	cox _s
coxing	v	cox _ing
coxswains	n	coxswain _s
coyly	a	coy _ly
coyly	n	coy _ly
coyly	r	coy _ly
coyly	v	coy _ly
coyness	n	coy _ness
coyotes	n	coyote _s
coypus	n	coypu _s
cozens	v	cozen _es
crabbed	v	crab _ed
crabbing	v	crab _ing
crabby	a	crab _y
crabby	n	crab _y
crabs	n	crab _s
crabs	v	crab _es
crackdowns	n	crackdown _s
cracked	v	crack _ed
cracker	n	crack _er
crackerjacks	n	crackerjack _s
crackers	n	crack _er _s
cracking	v	crack _ing
crackings	n	cracking _s
crackled	v	crackle _ed
crackles	n	crackle _s
crackles	v	crackle _es
cracklings	n	crackling _s
crackpots	n	crackpot _s
cracks	n	crack _s
cracks	v	crack _es
cradled	v	cradle _ed
cradles	n	cradle _s
cradles	v	cradle _es
crafted	v	craft _ed
craftily	n	craft _y _ly
craftily	r	craft _y _ly
crafting	v	craft _ing
crafts	n	craft _s
crafts	v	craft _es
crafty	a	craft _y
crafty	n	craft _y
craggy	a	crag _y
craggy	n	crag _y
craggy	v	crag _y
crags	n	crag _s
crammed	v	cram _ed
crammer	a	cram _er
crammer	n	cram _er
crammers	n	cram _er _s
cramming	v	cram _ing
cramped	v	cramp _ed
cramping	v	cramp _ing
crampons	n	crampon _s
cramps	n	cramp _s
cramps	v	cramp _es
crams	v	cram _es
craned	v	crane _ed
cranes	n	crane _s
cranes	v	crane _es
cranial	a	cranium _al
cranial	n	cranium _al
craniums	n	cranium _s
cranked	v	crank _ed
cranking	v	crank _ing
cranks	n	crank _s
cranks	v	crank _es
crankshafts	n	crankshaft _s
cranky	a	crank _y
cranky	n	crank _y
cranky	v	crank _y
crapped	v	crap _ed
crappers	n	crapper _s
crappies	n	crappie _s
crapping	v	crap _ing
crappy	a	crap _y
craps	n	crap _s
craps	v	crap _es
crapshooters	n	crapshooter _s
crashed	v	crash _ed
crashes	n	crash _s
crashes	v	crash _es
crashing	v	crash _ing
crasser	a	crass _er
crassest	a	crass _est
crassly	r	crass _ly
crassness	n	crass _ness
crated	v	crate _ed
craters	n	crater _s
crates	n	crate _s
crates	v	crate _es
cravats	n	cravat _s
craved	v	crave _ed
cravenly	r	craven _ly
cravens	n	craven _s
craves	v	crave _es
cravings	n	craving _s
crawdads	n	crawdad _s
crawled	v	crawl _ed
crawler	n	crawl _er
crawlers	n	crawl _er _s
crawling	v	crawl _ing
crawls	n	crawl _s
crawls	v	crawl _es
crawlspaces	n	crawlspace _s
craws	n	craw _s
crayoned	v	crayon _ed
crayons	n	crayon _s
crazed	v	craze _ed
crazes	n	craze _s
crazes	v	craze _es
crazily	a	craze _y _ly
crazily	n	craze _y _ly
crazily	r	craze _y _ly
craziness	n	craze _y _ness
crazy	a	craze _y
crazy	n	craze _y
crazy	r	craze _y
crazy	v	craze _y
creaked	v	creak _ed
creaking	v	creak _ing
creaks	n	creak _s
creaks	v	creak _es
creaky	a	creak _y
creaky	n	creak _y
creamed	v	cream _ed
creamer	n	cream _er
creamers	n	cream _er _s
creaminess	n	cream _y _ness
creaming	v	cream _ing
creams	n	cream _s
creams	v	cream _es
creamy	a	cream _y
creamy	n	cream _y
creamy	r	cream _y
creamy	v	cream _y
creased	v	crease _ed
creases	n	crease _s
creases	v	crease _es
created	v	create _ed
creates	v	create _es
creation	a	create _ion
creation	n	create _ion
creation	v	create _ion
creations	n	create _ion _s
creatively	a	create _ive _ly
creatively	r	create _ive _ly
creativeness	n	create _ive _ness
creativity	a	creative _ity
creativity	n	creative _ity
creativity	v	creative _ity
creators	n	creator _s
creatures	n	creature _s
creches	n	creche _s
credentials	n	credential _s
credenzas	n	credenza _s
credibility	n	credit _ible _ity
credibly	r	credible _ly
creditable	a	credit _able
creditably	n	credit _able _ly
creditably	r	credit _able _ly
credited	v	credit _ed
crediting	v	credit _ing
creditors	n	creditor _s
credits	n	credit _s
credits	v	credit _es
credos	n	credo _s
credulity	a	credulous _ity
credulity	n	credulous _ity
creeds	n	creed _s
creeks	n	creek _s
creels	n	creel _s
creeper	a	creep _er
creeper	n	creep _er
creeper	v	creep _er
creepers	n	creep _er _s
creepily	r	creep _y _ly
creepiness	n	creep _y _ness
creeping	v	creep _ing
creeps	n	creep _s
creeps	v	creep _es
creepy	a	creep _y
creepy	n	creep _y
creepy	v	creep _y
cremated	v	cremate _ed
cremates	v	cremate _es
cremations	n	cremation _s
crematoriums	n	crematorium _s
crenellated	v	crenellate _ed
crenellations	n	crenellation _s
creoles	n	creole _s
creosoted	v	creosote _ed
crepes	n	crepe _s
crescendos	n	crescendo _s
crescendos	v	crescendo _es
crescents	n	crescent _s
crested	v	crest _ed
cresting	v	crest _ing
crests	n	crest _s
crests	v	crest _es
cretinous	a	cretin _ous
cretins	n	cretin _s
crevasses	n	crevasse _s
crevices	n	crevice _s
crewed	v	crew _ed
crewing	v	crew _ing
crews	n	crew _s
crews	v	crew _es
cribbed	v	crib _ed
cribbing	v	crib _ing
cribs	n	crib _s
cribs	v	crib _es
cricked	v	crick _ed
cricketers	n	cricketer _s
cricketing	v	cricket _ing
crickets	n	cricket _s
cricks	n	crick _s
crier	a	cry _er
crier	n	cry _er
crier	r	cry _er
criers	n	cry _er _s
crimes	n	crime _s
criminal	a	crime _al
criminal	n	crime _al
criminal	v	crime _al
criminalized	v	criminalize _ed
criminalizes	v	criminalize _es
criminally	n	crime _al _ly
criminally	r	crime _al _ly
criminals	n	crime _al _s
criminologist	n	criminology _ist
criminologists	n	criminology _ist _s
crimped	v	crimp _ed
crimping	v	crimp _ing
crimps	n	crimp _s
crimps	v	crimp _es
crimsoned	v	crimson _ed
crimsoning	v	crimson _ing
crimsons	n	crimson _s
cringed	v	cringe _ed
cringes	v	cringe _es
crinkled	v	crinkle _ed
crinkles	n	crinkle _s
crinkles	v	crinkle _es
crinkly	a	crinkle _y
crinkly	n	crinkle _y
crinolines	n	crinoline _s
crippled	v	cripple _ed
cripples	n	cripple _s
cripples	v	cripple _es
crisped	v	crisp _ed
crisper	a	crisp _er
crispest	a	crisp _est
crisping	v	crisp _ing
crisply	a	crisp _ly
crisply	n	crisp _ly
crisply	r	crisp _ly
crisply	v	crisp _ly
crispness	n	crisp _ness
crisps	n	crisp _s
crisps	v	crisp _es
crispy	a	crisp _y
crispy	n	crisp _y
crisscrossed	v	crisscross _ed
crisscrosses	n	crisscross _s
crisscrosses	v	crisscross _es
crisscrossing	v	crisscross _ing
critical	a	critic _al
critically	n	critic _al _ly
critically	r	critic _al _ly
criticisms	n	criticism _s
criticize	n	critic _ize
criticize	v	critic _ize
criticized	v	critic _ize _ed
criticizes	v	critic _ize _es
critics	n	critic _s
critiqued	v	critique _ed
critiques	n	critique _s
critiques	v	critique _es
critters	n	critter _s
croaked	v	croak _ed
croaking	v	croak _ing
croaks	n	croak _s
croaks	v	croak _es
crocheted	v	crochet _ed
crocheting	v	crochet _ing
crochets	n	crochet _s
crocked	v	crock _ed
crocks	n	crock _s
crocodiles	n	crocodile _s
crocuses	n	crocus _s
crofters	n	crofter _s
crofts	n	croft _s
croissants	n	croissant _s
crones	n	crone _s
crooked	v	crook _ed
crookedest	a	crooked _est
crookedly	n	crook _ed _ly
crookedly	r	crook _ed _ly
crooking	v	crook _ing
crooks	n	crook _s
crooks	v	crook _es
crooned	v	croon _ed
crooner	n	croon _er
crooners	n	croon _er _s
crooning	v	croon _ing
croons	v	croon _es
cropped	v	crop _ed
cropper	a	crop _er
cropper	n	crop _er
cropper	v	crop _er
croppers	n	crop _er _s
cropping	v	crop _ing
crops	n	crop _s
crops	v	crop _es
croquettes	n	croquette _s
crossbars	n	crossbar _s
crossbeams	n	crossbeam _s
crossbows	n	crossbow _s
crossbreeding	v	crossbreed _ing
crossbreeds	n	crossbreed _s
crossbreeds	v	crossbreed _es
crosschecks	n	crosscheck _s
crosscurrents	n	crosscurrent _s
crosscuts	n	crosscut _s
crosscuts	v	crosscut _es
crosscutting	v	crosscut _ing
crossed	v	cross _ed
crosser	a	cross _er
crosses	n	cross _s
crosses	v	cross _es
crossest	a	cross _est
crossfires	n	crossfire _s
crosshatched	v	crosshatch _ed
crosshatching	v	crosshatch _ing
crossing	v	cross _ing
crossings	n	crossing _s
crossings	v	cross _es
crossovers	n	crossover _s
crosspieces	n	crosspiece _s
crossroads	n	crossroad _s
crosswalks	n	crosswalk _s
crosswinds	n	crosswind _s
crosswords	n	crossword _s
crotches	n	crotch _s
crotchets	n	crotchet _s
crotchety	n	crotchet _y
crouched	v	crouch _ed
crouches	n	crouch _s
crouches	v	crouch _es
crouching	v	crouch _ing
croupiers	n	croupier _s
croutons	n	crouton _s
crowbars	n	crowbar _s
crowded	v	crowd _ed
crowding	v	crowd _ing
crowds	n	crowd _s
crowds	v	crowd _es
crowed	v	crow _ed
crowfoots	n	crowfoot _s
crowing	v	crow _ing
crowned	v	crown _ed
crowning	v	crown _ing
crowns	n	crown _s
crowns	v	crown _es
crows	n	crow _s
crows	v	crow _es
crucially	n	crucial _ly
crucially	r	crucial _ly
crucibles	n	crucible _s
crucifixes	n	crucifix _s
crucifixions	n	crucifixion _s
crucifying	v	crucify _ing
crudely	a	crude _ly
crudely	r	crude _ly
cruder	a	crude _r
crudest	a	crude _st
crudity	n	crude _ity
cruelly	n	cruel _ly
cruelly	r	cruel _ly
cruelly	v	cruel _ly
cruets	n	cruet _s
cruised	v	cruise _ed
cruiser	n	cruise _er
cruiser	r	cruise _er
cruisers	n	cruise _er _s
cruises	n	cruise _s
cruises	v	cruise _es
crullers	n	cruller _s
crumbed	v	crumb _ed
crumbing	v	crumb _ing
crumbled	v	crumble _ed
crumbles	v	crumble _es
crumbly	a	crumb _le _y
crumbly	n	crumb _le _y
crumbly	r	crumb _le _y
crumbs	n	crumb _s
crumbs	v	crumb _es
crumpets	n	crumpet _s
crumpled	v	crumple _ed
crumples	v	crumple _es
crunched	v	crunch _ed
crunches	n	crunch _s
crunches	v	crunch _es
crunching	v	crunch _ing
crunchy	a	crunch _y
crunchy	n	crunch _y
crunchy	v	crunch _y
cruppers	n	crupper _s
crusaded	v	crusade _ed
crusader	a	crusade _er
crusader	n	crusade _er
crusader	v	crusade _er
crusaders	n	crusade _er _s
crusades	n	crusade _s
crusades	v	crusade _es
crushed	v	crush _ed
crushers	n	crusher _s
crushes	n	crush _s
crushes	v	crush _es
crushing	v	crush _ing
crustaceans	n	crustacean _s
crusted	v	crust _ed
crusting	v	crust _ing
crusts	n	crust _s
crusts	v	crust _es
crusty	a	crust _y
crusty	n	crust _y
crusty	v	crust _y
crutches	n	crutch _s
cruxes	n	crux _s
crying	n	cry _ing
crying	v	cry _ing
cryings	n	cry _s
cryptic	a	crypt _ic
cryptic	n	crypt _ic
cryptograms	n	cryptogram _s
cryptographers	n	cryptographer _s
crypts	n	crypt _s
crystallize	a	crystal _ize
crystallize	n	crystal _ize
crystallize	v	crystal _ize
crystallized	v	crystal _ize _ed
crystallizes	v	crystal _ize _es
crystals	n	crystal _s
cs	n	c _s
cubbyholes	n	cubbyhole _s
cubed	v	cub _ed
cubes	n	cube _s
cubes	v	cub _es
cubic	a	cube _ic
cubic	n	cube _ic
cubic	v	cube _ic
cubicles	n	cubicle _s
cubing	v	cub _ing
cubist	a	cube _ism _ist
cubist	n	cube _ism _ist
cubist	v	cube _ism _ist
cubists	n	cube _ism _ist _s
cubits	n	cubit _s
cuboids	n	cuboid _s
cubs	n	cub _s
cubs	v	cub _es
cuckolded	v	cuckold _ed
cuckolding	v	cuckold _ing
cuckolds	n	cuckold _s
cuckolds	v	cuckold _es
cuckoos	n	cuckoo _s
cuckoos	v	cuckoo _es
cucumbers	n	cucumber _s
cuddled	v	cuddle _ed
cuddles	n	cuddle _s
cuddles	v	cuddle _es
cuddly	a	cuddle _y
cuddly	n	cuddle _y
cuddly	r	cuddle _y
cudgelled	v	cudgel _ed
cudgelling	v	cudgel _ing
cudgels	n	cudgel _s
cudgels	v	cudgel _es
cuds	n	cud _s
cued	v	cue _ed
cues	n	cue _s
cues	v	cue _es
cuffed	v	cuff _ed
cuffing	v	cuff _ing
cuffs	n	cuff _s
cuffs	v	cuff _es
cuisines	n	cuisine _s
culled	v	cull _ed
culling	v	cull _ing
culls	n	cull _s
culls	v	cull _es
culminated	v	culminate _ed
culminates	v	culminate _es
culminations	n	culmination _s
culottes	n	culotte _s
culpability	n	culpable _ity
culpably	r	culpable _ly
culprits	n	culprit _s
cultists	n	cultist _s
cultivable	a	cultivate _able
cultivars	n	cultivar _s
cultivated	v	cultivate _ed
cultivates	v	cultivate _es
cultivation	n	cultivate _ion
cultivation	v	cultivate _ion
cultivators	n	cultivator _s
cults	n	cult _s
cultural	a	culture _al
cultural	n	culture _al
cultural	v	culture _al
culturally	n	culture _al _ly
culturally	r	culture _al _ly
cultured	v	culture _ed
cultures	n	culture _s
cultures	v	culture _es
culverts	n	culvert _s
cumbered	v	cumber _ed
cummerbunds	n	cummerbund _s
cumulatively	r	cumulate _ive _ly
cunningest	a	cunning _est
cunningly	r	cunning _ly
cunningly	v	cunning _ly
cunts	n	cunt _s
cupboards	n	cupboard _s
cupcakes	n	cupcake _s
cupfuls	n	cupful _s
cupids	n	cupid _s
cupolas	n	cupola _s
cuppas	n	cuppa _s
cupped	v	cup _ed
cupping	v	cup _ing
cups	n	cup _s
cups	v	cup _es
curable	a	cure _able
curates	n	curate _s
curatives	n	curative _s
curators	n	curator _s
curbed	v	curb _ed
curbing	v	curb _ing
curbs	n	curb _s
curbs	v	curb _es
curdled	v	curdle _ed
curdles	v	curdle _es
curds	n	curd _s
cured	v	cure _ed
cures	n	cure _s
cures	v	cure _es
curfews	n	curfew _s
curiae	n	curia _e
curies	n	curie _s
curios	n	curio _s
curiosity	n	curious _ity
curiously	n	curious _ly
curiously	r	curious _ly
curiously	v	curious _ly
curled	v	curl _ed
curler	n	curl _er
curlers	n	curl _er _s
curlews	n	curlew _s
curlicues	n	curlicue _s
curling	v	curl _ing
curls	n	curl _s
curls	v	curl _es
curly	a	curl _y
curly	n	curl _y
curly	r	curl _y
curmudgeons	n	curmudgeon _s
currants	n	currant _s
currently	r	current _ly
currents	n	current _s
currying	v	curry _ing
curs	n	cur _s
cursed	v	curse _ed
curses	n	curse _s
curses	v	curse _es
cursorily	a	cursory _ly
cursorily	r	cursory _ly
cursors	n	cursor _s
curtailed	v	curtail _ed
curtailing	v	curtail _ing
curtailment	n	curtail _ment
curtailments	n	curtail _ment _s
curtails	v	curtail _es
curtained	v	curtain _ed
curtaining	v	curtain _ing
curtains	n	curtain _s
curtains	v	curtain _es
curter	a	curt _er
curtest	a	curt _est
curtly	r	curt _ly
curtsying	v	curtsy _ing
curvatures	n	curvature _s
curved	v	curve _ed
curves	n	curve _s
curves	v	curve _es
cushioned	v	cushion _ed
cushioning	v	cushion _ing
cushions	n	cushion _s
cushions	v	cushion _es
cusps	n	cusp _s
cussed	v	cuss _ed
cusses	v	cuss _es
cussing	v	cuss _ing
custards	n	custard _s
custodial	a	custody _al
custodial	n	custody _al
custodians	n	custodian _s
customarily	a	custom _ary _ly
customarily	r	custom _ary _ly
customers	n	customer _s
customized	v	customize _ed
customizes	v	customize _es
customs	n	custom _s
cutaways	n	cutaway _s
cutbacks	n	cutback _s
cutely	r	cute _ly
cuteness	n	cute _ness
cuteness	v	cute _ness
cuter	a	cute _r
cutest	a	cut _est
cuticles	n	cuticle _s
cutlass	n	cutlas _s
cutlasses	n	cutlass _s
cutlers	n	cutler _s
cutlets	n	cutlet _s
cutoffs	n	cutoff _s
cutouts	n	cutout _s
cuts	n	cut _s
cuts	v	cut _es
cutter	a	cut _er
cutter	n	cut _er
cutters	n	cut _er _s
cutthroats	n	cutthroat _s
cutting	v	cut _ing
cuttings	n	cutting _s
cutworms	n	cutworm _s
cybercafes	n	cybercafe _s
cyberpunks	n	cyberpunk _s
cyborgs	n	cyborg _s
cycled	v	cycle _ed
cycles	n	cycle _s
cycles	v	cycle _es
cyclic	a	cycle _ic
cyclic	n	cycle _ic
cyclic	v	cycle _ic
cyclically	r	cycle _ic _al _ly
cyclists	n	cyclist _s
cyclones	n	cyclone _s
cyclonic	a	cyclone _ic
cyclotrons	n	cyclotron _s
cygnets	n	cygnet _s
cylinders	n	cylinder _s
cymbals	n	cymbal _s
cynical	a	cynic _al
cynically	n	cynic _al _ly
cynically	r	cynic _al _ly
cynics	n	cynic _s
cynosures	n	cynosure _s
cypresses	n	cypress _s
cysts	n	cyst _s
cytokines	n	cytokine _s
cytologists	n	cytologist _s
czars	n	czar _s
dabbed	v	dab _ed
dabbing	v	dab _ing
dabbled	v	dabble _ed
dabbler	n	dabble _er
dabblers	n	dabble _er _s
dabbles	v	dabble _es
dabs	n	dab _s
dabs	v	dab _es
dachas	n	dacha _s
dachshunds	n	dachshund _s
dactylic	a	dactyl _ic
dads	n	dad _s
daemonic	a	daemon _ic
daemonic	n	daemon _ic
daemons	n	daemon _s
daffodils	n	daffodil _s
dafter	a	daft _er
daftest	a	daft _est
daftness	n	daft _ness
daggers	n	dagger _s
dagoes	n	dago _s
dagos	n	dago _s
dags	n	dag _s
daguerreotypes	n	daguerreotype _s
dahlias	n	dahlia _s
daily	a	day _ly
daily	n	day _ly
daily	r	day _ly
daily	v	day _ly
daintily	r	dainty _ly
daiquiris	n	daiquiri _s
dairymaids	n	dairymaid _s
daises	n	dais _s
dales	n	dale _s
dalliances	n	dalliance _s
dallying	v	dally _ing
dalmatians	n	dalmatian _s
damaged	v	damage _ed
damages	n	damage _s
damages	v	damage _es
damasks	n	damask _s
dames	n	dame _s
dames	v	dam _es
dammed	v	dam _ed
damming	v	dam _ing
damnable	a	damn _able
damnably	r	damn _able _ly
damned	v	damn _ed
damnedest	a	damned _est
damning	v	damn _ing
damns	n	damn _s
damns	v	damn _es
damped	v	damp _ed
dampened	v	dampen _ed
dampeners	n	dampener _s
dampening	v	dampen _ing
dampens	v	dampen _es
damper	a	damp _er
damper	n	damp _er
damper	r	damp _er
dampers	n	damp _er _s
dampest	a	damp _est
damping	v	damp _ing
damply	n	damp _ly
damply	r	damp _ly
damply	v	damp _ly
dampness	n	damp _ness
dampness	v	damp _ness
damps	n	damp _s
damps	v	damp _es
dams	n	dam _s
dams	v	dam _es
damsels	n	damsel _s
damsons	n	damson _s
danced	v	dance _ed
dancer	a	dance _er
dancer	n	dance _er
dancer	r	dance _er
dancer	v	dance _er
dancers	n	dance _er _s
dances	n	dance _s
dances	v	dance _es
dandelions	n	dandelion _s
dandled	v	dandle _ed
dangerous	a	danger _ous
dangerous	n	danger _ous
dangerous	v	danger _ous
dangerously	r	danger _ous _ly
dangers	n	danger _s
dangled	v	dangle _ed
dangles	v	dangle _es
danishes	n	danish _s
dankest	a	dank _est
danseuses	n	danseuse _s
dappled	v	dapple _ed
dapples	n	dapple _s
dapples	v	dapple _es
dared	v	dare _ed
daredevils	n	daredevil _s
dares	n	dare _s
dares	v	dare _es
daringly	r	dare _ing _ly
darkened	v	darken _ed
darkening	v	darken _ing
darkens	v	darken _es
darker	a	dark _er
darkest	a	dark _est
darkly	a	dark _ly
darkly	n	dark _ly
darkly	r	dark _ly
darkly	v	dark _ly
darkness	a	dark _ness
darkness	n	dark _ness
darkness	r	dark _ness
darkness	v	dark _ness
darkrooms	n	darkroom _s
darlings	n	darling _s
darned	v	darn _ed
darnedest	a	darned _est
darners	n	darner _s
darning	v	darn _ing
darns	n	darn _s
darns	v	darn _es
dartboards	n	dartboard _s
darted	v	dart _ed
darters	n	darter _s
darting	v	dart _ing
darts	n	dart _s
darts	v	dart _es
dashboards	n	dashboard _s
dashed	v	dash _ed
dashes	n	dash _s
dashes	v	dash _es
dashikis	n	dashiki _s
dashing	v	dash _ing
dastards	n	dastard _s
databases	n	database _s
dated	v	date _ed
datelined	v	dateline _ed
datelines	n	dateline _s
datelines	v	dateline _es
dates	n	date _s
dates	v	date _es
daubed	v	daub _ed
dauber	n	daub _er
daubers	n	daub _er _s
daubing	v	daub _ing
daubs	n	daub _s
daubs	v	daub _es
daughters	n	daughter _s
daunted	v	daunt _ed
daunting	v	daunt _ing
daunts	v	daunt _es
dauphins	n	dauphin _s
davenports	n	davenport _s
davits	n	davit _s
dawdled	v	dawdle _ed
dawdlers	n	dawdler _s
dawdles	v	dawdle _es
dawned	v	dawn _ed
dawning	v	dawn _ing
dawns	n	dawn _s
dawns	v	dawn _es
daybeds	n	daybed _s
daydreamed	v	daydream _ed
daydreamers	n	daydreamer _s
daydreaming	v	daydream _ing
daydreams	n	daydream _s
daydreams	v	daydream _es
daylights	n	daylight _s
days	n	day _s
dazed	v	daze _ed
dazes	v	daze _es
dazzled	v	dazzle _ed
dazzles	n	dazzle _s
dazzles	v	dazzle _es
dds	n	dd _s
deaconesses	n	deaconess _s
deacons	n	deacon _s
deactivated	v	deactivate _ed
deactivates	v	deactivate _es
deadbeats	n	deadbeat _s
deadbolts	n	deadbolt _s
deadened	v	deaden _ed
deadening	v	deaden _ing
deadens	v	deaden _es
deader	a	dead _er
deadest	a	dead _est
deadheads	n	deadhead _s
deadlines	n	deadline _s
deadlocks	n	deadlock _s
deadly	a	dead _ly
deadly	r	dead _ly
deafened	v	deafen _ed
deafening	v	deafen _ing
deafens	v	deafen _es
deafest	a	deaf _est
deafness	a	deaf _ness
deafness	n	deaf _ness
deafness	o	deaf _ness
deafness	v	deaf _ness
dealer	n	deal _er
dealer	r	deal _er
dealer	v	deal _er
dealers	n	deal _er _s
dealerships	n	dealership _s
dealing	v	deal _ing
dealings	n	dealing _s
dealings	v	deal _es
deals	n	deal _s
deals	v	deal _es
dealt	v	deal _t
deans	n	dean _s
dearer	a	dear _er
dearest	a	dear _est
dearly	a	dear _ly
dearly	n	dear _ly
dearly	r	dear _ly
dearly	v	dear _ly
dearness	n	dear _ness
dears	n	dear _s
deathbeds	n	deathbed _s
deathless	a	death _less
deathless	n	death _less
deaths	n	death _s
deathtraps	n	deathtrap _s
debacles	n	debacle _s
debarked	v	debark _ed
debarking	v	debark _ing
debarred	v	debar _ed
debarring	v	debar _ing
debased	v	debase _ed
debasement	a	debase _ment
debasement	n	debase _ment
debasement	v	debase _ment
debases	v	debase _es
debatable	a	debate _able
debated	v	debate _ed
debater	n	debate _er
debaters	n	debate _er _s
debates	n	debate _s
debates	v	debate _es
debauched	v	debauch _ed
debauchees	n	debauchee _s
debauches	n	debauch _s
debauching	v	debauch _ing
debentures	n	debenture _s
debilitated	v	debilitate _ed
debilitates	v	debilitate _es
debited	v	debit _ed
debiting	v	debit _ing
debits	n	debit _s
debits	v	debit _es
debouched	v	debouch _ed
debouches	v	debouch _es
debouching	v	debouch _ing
debriefed	v	debrief _ed
debriefing	v	debrief _ing
debriefings	n	debriefing _s
debriefs	v	debrief _es
debs	n	deb _s
debtors	n	debtor _s
debts	n	debt _s
debugged	v	debug _ed
debuggers	n	debugger _s
debugging	v	debug _ing
debunked	v	debunk _ed
debunking	v	debunk _ing
debunks	v	debunk _es
debutantes	n	debutante _s
debuted	v	debut _ed
debuting	v	debut _ing
debuts	n	debut _s
debuts	v	debut _es
decadents	n	decadent _s
decades	n	decade _s
decaffeinated	v	decaffeinate _ed
decagons	n	decagon _s
decals	n	decal _s
decamped	v	decamp _ed
decamping	v	decamp _ing
decamps	v	decamp _es
decanted	v	decant _ed
decanter	n	decant _er
decanters	n	decant _er _s
decanting	v	decant _ing
decants	v	decant _es
decapitated	v	decapitate _ed
decapitates	v	decapitate _es
decapitation	n	decapitate _ion
decapitations	n	decapitate _ion _s
decayed	v	decay _ed
decaying	v	decay _ing
decays	n	decay _s
decays	v	decay _es
deceased	v	decease _ed
deceases	n	decease _s
deceases	v	decease _es
decedents	n	decedent _s
deceitful	a	deceit _ful
deceitful	n	deceit _ful
deceitful	v	deceit _ful
deceitfully	r	deceit _ful _ly
deceitfulness	n	deceit _ful _ness
deceits	n	deceit _s
deceived	v	deceive _ed
deceiver	n	deceive _er
deceiver	r	deceive _er
deceivers	n	deceive _er _s
deceives	v	deceive _es
decelerated	v	decelerate _ed
decelerates	v	decelerate _es
decently	n	decent _ly
decently	r	decent _ly
decentralized	v	decentralize _ed
decentralizes	v	decentralize _es
deceptions	n	deception _s
deceptively	a	deceptive _ly
deceptively	r	deceptive _ly
deceptiveness	n	deceptive _ness
decibels	n	decibel _s
decided	v	decide _ed
decides	v	decide _es
decimals	n	decimal _s
decimated	v	decimate _ed
decimates	v	decimate _es
decimation	n	decimate _ion
decimetres	n	decimetre _s
decipherable	a	de_ cipher _able
deciphered	v	decipher _ed
deciphering	v	decipher _ing
deciphers	v	decipher _es
decisions	n	decision _s
decisively	r	decision _ive _ly
decisiveness	a	decisive _ness
decisiveness	n	decisive _ness
decisiveness	v	decisive _ness
decked	v	deck _ed
deckhands	n	deckhand _s
decking	v	deck _ing
decks	n	deck _s
decks	v	deck _es
declaimed	v	declaim _ed
declaiming	v	declaim _ing
declaims	v	declaim _es
declamations	n	declamation _s
declarations	n	declaration _s
declared	v	declare _ed
declarers	n	declarer _s
declares	v	declare _es
declassifying	v	declassify _ing
declawed	v	declaw _ed
declawing	v	declaw _ing
declension	n	decline _ion
declensions	n	decline _ion _s
declined	v	decline _ed
declines	n	decline _s
declines	v	decline _es
decoded	v	decode _ed
decoder	n	decode _er
decoders	n	decode _er _s
decodes	v	decode _es
decolletages	n	decolletage _s
decolonized	v	decolonize _ed
decolonizes	v	decolonize _es
decommissioned	v	decommission _ed
decommissioning	v	decommission _ing
decommissions	v	decommission _es
decomposed	v	decompose _ed
decomposes	v	decompose _es
decompressed	v	decompress _ed
decompresses	v	decompress _es
decompressing	v	decompress _ing
decompression	n	de_ compress _ion
decongestants	n	decongestant _s
deconstructed	v	deconstruct _ed
deconstructing	v	deconstruct _ing
deconstructions	n	deconstruction _s
deconstructs	v	deconstruct _es
decontaminated	v	decontaminate _ed
decontaminates	v	decontaminate _es
decontrolled	v	decontrol _ed
decontrolling	v	decontrol _ing
decorated	v	decorate _ed
decorates	v	decorate _es
decoration	n	decorate _ion
decorations	n	decorate _ion _s
decoratively	r	decorate _ive _ly
decorators	n	decorator _s
decorous	a	decorum _ous
decorously	r	decorum _ous _ly
decors	n	decor _s
decoupled	v	decouple _ed
decouples	v	decouple _es
decoyed	v	decoy _ed
decoying	v	decoy _ing
decoys	n	decoy _s
decoys	v	decoy _es
decreased	v	decrease _ed
decreases	n	decrease _s
decreases	v	decrease _es
decreed	v	decree _ed
decreeing	v	decree _ing
decrees	n	decree _s
decrees	v	decree _es
decrements	n	decrement _s
decrescendos	v	decrescendo _es
decriminalized	v	decriminalize _ed
decriminalizes	v	decriminalize _es
decrying	v	decry _ing
dedicated	v	dedicate _ed
dedicates	v	dedicate _es
dedication	n	dedicate _ion
dedications	n	dedicate _ion _s
deduced	v	deduce _ed
deduces	v	deduce _es
deducted	v	deduct _ed
deductibles	n	deductible _s
deducting	v	deduct _ing
deduction	n	deduce _ion
deductions	n	deduce _ion _s
deductively	r	deduct _ive _ly
deducts	v	deduct _es
deeds	n	deed _s
deemed	v	deem _ed
deeming	v	deem _ing
deems	v	deem _es
deepened	v	deepen _ed
deepening	v	deepen _ing
deepens	v	deepen _es
deeper	a	deep _er
deepest	a	deep _est
deeply	a	deep _ly
deeply	n	deep _ly
deeply	o	deep _ly
deeply	r	deep _ly
deeply	v	deep _ly
deeps	n	deep _s
deerstalkers	n	deerstalker _s
defaced	v	deface _ed
defacement	n	deface _ment
defaces	v	deface _es
defamed	v	defame _ed
defamers	n	defamer _s
defames	v	defame _es
defaulted	v	default _ed
defaulter	n	default _er
defaulters	n	default _er _s
defaulting	v	default _ing
defaults	n	default _s
defaults	v	default _es
defeated	v	defeat _ed
defeating	v	defeat _ing
defeatists	n	defeatist _s
defeats	n	defeat _s
defeats	v	defeat _es
defecated	v	defecate _ed
defecates	v	defecate _es
defected	v	defect _ed
defecting	v	defect _ing
defection	n	defect _ion
defections	n	defect _ion _s
defectively	r	defect _ive _ly
defectors	n	defector _s
defects	n	defect _s
defects	v	defect _es
defenceless	a	defence _less
defenceless	n	defence _less
defenceless	r	defence _less
defenceless	v	defence _less
defences	n	defence _s
defendants	n	defendant _s
defended	v	defend _ed
defender	a	defend _er
defender	n	defend _er
defender	v	defend _er
defenders	n	defend _er _s
defending	v	defend _ing
defends	v	defend _es
defenestrations	n	defenestration _s
defensively	r	defense _ive _ly
defensiveness	a	defensive _ness
defensiveness	n	defensive _ness
deferentially	r	deferent _ial _ly
deferment	n	defer _ment
deferments	n	defer _ment _s
deferrals	n	deferral _s
deferred	v	defer _ed
deferring	v	defer _ing
defers	v	defer _es
defiantly	n	defiant _ly
defiantly	r	defiant _ly
defibrillators	n	defibrillator _s
deficits	n	deficit _s
defiled	v	defile _ed
defilement	a	defile _ment
defilement	n	defile _ment
defilers	n	defiler _s
defiles	n	defile _s
defiles	v	defile _es
definable	a	define _able
defined	v	define _ed
defines	v	define _es
definitely	a	definite _ly
definitely	r	definite _ly
definitely	v	definite _ly
definitions	n	definition _s
definitively	r	definite _ive _ly
deflated	v	deflate _ed
deflates	v	deflate _es
deflected	v	deflect _ed
deflecting	v	deflect _ing
deflection	n	deflect _ion
deflections	n	deflect _ion _s
deflectors	n	deflector _s
deflects	v	deflect _es
deflowered	v	deflower _ed
deflowering	v	deflower _ing
defoliants	n	defoliant _s
defoliated	v	defoliate _ed
deforested	v	deforest _ed
deforesting	v	deforest _ing
deformations	n	deformation _s
deformed	v	deform _ed
deforming	v	deform _ing
deforms	v	deform _es
defrauded	v	defraud _ed
defrauders	n	defrauder _s
defrauding	v	defraud _ing
defrauds	v	defraud _es
defrayed	v	defray _ed
defraying	v	defray _ing
defrays	v	defray _es
defrocked	v	defrock _ed
defrocking	v	defrock _ing
defrocks	v	defrock _es
defrosted	v	defrost _ed
defrosting	v	defrost _ing
defrosts	v	defrost _es
defter	a	deft _er
deftest	a	deft _est
deftly	r	deft _ly
deftness	n	deft _ness
defused	v	defuse _ed
defuses	v	defuse _es
defying	v	defy _ing
degassed	v	degas _ed
degassing	v	degas _ing
degenerated	v	degenerate _ed
degenerates	n	degenerate _s
degenerates	v	degenerate _es
degraded	v	degrade _ed
degrades	v	degrade _es
degrees	n	degree _s
dehumanized	v	dehumanize _ed
dehumanizes	v	dehumanize _es
dehumidifying	v	dehumidify _ing
dehydrated	v	dehydrate _ed
dehydrates	v	dehydrate _es
deiced	v	deice _ed
deicers	n	deicer _s
deifying	v	deify _ing
deigned	v	deign _ed
deigning	v	deign _ing
deigns	v	deign _es
deists	n	deist _s
dejected	v	deject _ed
dejectedly	r	deject _ed _ly
dejecting	v	deject _ing
dejection	n	deject _ion
delayed	v	delay _ed
delayers	n	delayer _s
delaying	v	delay _ing
delays	n	delay _s
delays	v	delay _es
delectably	r	delectable _ly
delegated	v	delegate _ed
delegates	n	delegate _s
delegates	v	delegate _es
delegations	n	delegation _s
deleted	v	delete _ed
deletes	v	delete _es
deletion	n	delete _ion
deletions	n	delete _ion _s
deliberated	v	deliberate _ed
deliberately	a	deliberate _ly
deliberately	r	deliberate _ly
deliberates	v	deliberate _es
deliberations	n	deliberation _s
delicately	a	delicate _ly
delicately	r	delicate _ly
delicatessens	n	delicatessen _s
deliciously	a	delicious _ly
deliciously	r	delicious _ly
deliciousness	n	delicious _ness
delighted	v	delight _ed
delightful	a	delight _ful
delightful	n	delight _ful
delightful	v	delight _ful
delightfully	n	delight _ful _ly
delightfully	r	delight _ful _ly
delighting	v	delight _ing
delights	n	delight _s
delights	v	delight _es
delimited	v	delimit _ed
delimiting	v	delimit _ing
delimits	v	delimit _es
delineated	v	delineate _ed
delineates	v	delineate _es
delineation	n	delineate _ion
delineations	n	delineate _ion _s
delinquents	n	delinquent _s
deliquesced	v	deliquesce _ed
delirious	a	delirium _ous
deliriously	r	delirium _ous _ly
deliriums	n	delirium _s
delis	n	deli _s
delivered	v	deliver _ed
deliverer	n	deliver _er
deliverer	v	deliver _er
deliverers	n	deliver _er _s
delivering	v	deliver _ing
delivers	v	deliver _es
dells	n	dell _s
delphiniums	n	delphinium _s
deltas	n	delta _s
deluded	v	delude _ed
deludes	v	delude _es
deluged	v	deluge _ed
deluges	n	deluge _s
deluges	v	deluge _es
delusion	n	delude _ion
delusions	n	delude _ion _s
delved	v	delve _ed
delves	v	delve _es
demagnetized	v	demagnetize _ed
demagnetizes	v	demagnetize _es
demagogic	a	demagogy _ic
demagogic	n	demagogy _ic
demagogues	n	demagogue _s
demanded	v	demand _ed
demanding	v	demand _ing
demands	n	demand _s
demands	v	demand _es
demarcated	v	demarcate _ed
demarcates	v	demarcate _es
demarcations	n	demarcation _s
demeaned	v	demean _ed
demeaning	v	demean _ing
demeans	v	demean _es
demerits	n	demerit _s
demesnes	n	demesne _s
demigods	n	demigod _s
demijohns	n	demijohn _s
demilitarized	v	demilitarize _ed
demimondaines	n	demimondaine _s
demised	v	demise _ed
demises	n	demise _s
demises	v	demise _es
demisting	v	demist _ing
demobbed	v	demob _ed
demobilized	v	demobilize _ed
demobilizes	v	demobilize _es
democratic	a	democrat _ic
democratize	v	democrat _ize
democratized	v	democrat _ize _ed
democratizes	v	democrat _ize _es
democrats	n	democrat _s
demodulated	v	demodulate _ed
demoed	v	demo _ed
demographers	n	demographer _s
demographic	a	demography _ic
demographic	n	demography _ic
demographic	v	demography _ic
demographics	n	demography _ic _s
demoing	v	demo _ing
demolished	v	demolish _ed
demolishes	v	demolish _es
demolishing	v	demolish _ing
demolitions	n	demolition _s
demonetized	v	demonetize _ed
demonetizes	v	demonetize _es
demoniacal	a	demoniac _al
demonic	a	demon _ic
demonic	n	demon _ic
demonic	v	demon _ic
demonized	v	demonize _ed
demonizes	v	demonize _es
demons	n	demon _s
demonstrable	a	demonstrate _able
demonstrably	a	demonstrate _able _ly
demonstrably	n	demonstrate _able _ly
demonstrably	r	demonstrate _able _ly
demonstrably	v	demonstrate _able _ly
demonstrated	v	demonstrate _ed
demonstrates	v	demonstrate _es
demonstration	a	demonstrate _ion
demonstration	n	demonstrate _ion
demonstration	v	demonstrate _ion
demonstrations	n	demonstrate _ion _s
demonstratively	r	demonstrate _ive _ly
demonstratives	n	demonstrative _s
demonstrators	n	demonstrator _s
demoralized	v	demoralize _ed
demoralizes	v	demoralize _es
demos	n	demo _s
demos	v	demo _es
demoted	v	demote _ed
demotes	v	demote _es
demotion	n	demote _ion
demotion	v	demote _ion
demotions	n	demote _ion _s
demurely	r	demure _ly
demurrals	n	demurral _s
demurred	v	demur _ed
demurrers	n	demurrer _s
demurring	v	demur _ing
demurs	n	demur _s
demurs	v	demur _es
demystifying	v	demystify _ing
denationalized	v	denationalize _ed
denatured	v	denature _ed
denatures	v	denature _es
dendrites	n	dendrite _s
deniable	a	deny _able
denials	n	denial _s
deniers	n	denier _s
denigrated	v	denigrate _ed
denigrates	v	denigrate _es
denigration	n	denigrate _ion
denims	n	denim _s
denizens	n	denizen _s
denominated	v	denominate _ed
denominational	a	denominate _ion _al
denominational	n	denominate _ion _al
denominations	n	denomination _s
denominators	n	denominator _s
denotations	n	denotation _s
denoted	v	denote _ed
denotes	v	denote _es
denouements	n	denouement _s
denounced	v	denounce _ed
denouncements	n	denouncement _s
denounces	v	denounce _es
dens	n	den _s
densely	r	dense _ly
denseness	n	dense _ness
denser	a	dense _r
densest	a	dense _st
density	a	dense _ity
density	n	dense _ity
dented	v	dent _ed
dentifrices	n	dentifrice _s
denting	v	dent _ing
dentists	n	dentist _s
dents	n	dent _s
dents	v	dent _es
dentures	n	denture _s
denuded	v	denude _ed
denudes	v	denude _es
denunciations	n	denunciation _s
denying	v	deny _ing
deodorants	n	deodorant _s
deodorized	v	deodorize _ed
departed	v	depart _ed
departing	v	depart _ing
departmental	a	depart _ment _al
departmental	n	depart _ment _al
departmental	v	depart _ment _al
departments	n	department _s
departs	v	depart _es
departures	n	departure _s
dependability	n	depend _able _ity
dependably	r	depend _able _ly
dependants	n	dependant _s
depended	v	depend _ed
dependently	r	depend _ent _ly
depending	v	depend _ing
depends	v	depend _es
depersonalized	v	depersonalize _ed
depicted	v	depict _ed
depicting	v	depict _ing
depiction	n	depict _ion
depictions	n	depict _ion _s
depicts	v	depict _es
deplaned	v	deplane _ed
deplanes	v	deplane _es
depleted	v	deplete _ed
depletes	v	deplete _es
depletion	a	deplete _ion
depletion	n	deplete _ion
deplorable	a	deplore _able
deplorable	n	deplore _able
deplorably	r	deplore _able _ly
deplored	v	deplore _ed
deplores	v	deplore _es
deployed	v	deploy _ed
deploying	v	deploy _ing
deployment	a	deploy _ment
deployment	n	deploy _ment
deployment	v	deploy _ment
deployments	n	deploy _ment _s
deploys	v	deploy _es
depolarized	v	depolarize _ed
deponents	n	deponent _s
depopulated	v	depopulate _ed
depopulation	n	de_ populate _ion
deportations	n	deportation _s
deported	v	deport _ed
deportees	n	deportee _s
deporting	v	deport _ing
deportment	a	de_ port _ment
deportment	n	de_ port _ment
deports	v	deport _es
deposed	v	depose _ed
deposes	v	depose _es
deposited	v	deposit _ed
depositing	v	deposit _ing
depositions	n	deposition _s
depositors	n	depositor _s
deposits	n	deposit _s
deposits	v	deposit _es
depots	n	depot _s
depraved	v	deprave _ed
deprecated	v	deprecate _ed
deprecates	v	deprecate _es
deprecation	n	deprecate _ion
depreciated	v	depreciate _ed
depreciates	v	depreciate _es
depreciation	n	depreciate _ion
depreciation	v	depreciate _ion
depredations	n	depredation _s
depressants	n	depressant _s
depressed	v	depress _ed
depresses	v	depress _es
depressing	v	depress _ing
depressingly	r	de_ press _ing _ly
depression	a	de_ press _ion
depression	n	de_ press _ion
depression	v	de_ press _ion
depressions	n	de_ press _ion _s
depressives	n	depressive _s
depressors	n	depressor _s
depressurized	v	depressurize _ed
depressurizes	v	depressurize _es
deprivations	n	deprivation _s
deprived	v	deprive _ed
deprives	v	deprive _es
depths	n	depth _s
deputations	n	deputation _s
deputed	v	depute _ed
deputes	v	depute _es
deputized	v	depute _y _ize _ed
deputizes	v	depute _y _ize _es
deputy	a	depute _y
deputy	n	depute _y
deputy	v	depute _y
derailed	v	derail _ed
derailing	v	derail _ing
derailment	n	derail _ment
derailments	n	derail _ment _s
derails	v	derail _es
deranged	v	derange _ed
derangement	n	derange _ment
derangement	v	derange _ment
deranges	v	derange _es
deregulated	v	deregulate _ed
deregulates	v	deregulate _es
derelicts	n	derelict _s
derided	v	deride _ed
derides	v	deride _es
derision	n	deride _ion
derisively	r	derision _ive _ly
derivations	n	derivation _s
derivatives	n	derivative _s
derived	a	derive _ed
derived	n	derive _ed
derived	v	derive _ed
derives	v	derive _es
dermatologist	n	dermatology _ist
dermatologists	n	dermatology _ist _s
derogated	v	derogate _ed
derogates	v	derogate _es
derricks	n	derrick _s
derrieres	n	derriere _s
derringers	n	derringer _s
dervishes	n	dervish _s
desalinated	v	desalinate _ed
desalinates	v	desalinate _es
desalination	n	de_ salt _ate _ion
desalting	v	desalt _ing
descaled	v	descale _ed
descanted	v	descant _ed
descanting	v	descant _ing
descants	n	descant _s
descendants	n	descendant _s
descended	v	descend _ed
descending	v	descend _ing
descends	v	descend _es
descents	n	descent _s
describable	a	describe _able
described	v	describe _ed
describes	v	describe _es
description	a	describe _ion
description	n	describe _ion
description	v	describe _ion
descriptions	n	describe _ion _s
descriptively	r	describe _ive _ly
descriptors	n	descriptor _s
desecrated	v	desecrate _ed
desecrates	v	desecrate _es
desegregated	v	desegregate _ed
desegregation	n	desegregate _ion
desensitized	v	desensitize _ed
desensitizes	v	desensitize _es
deserted	v	desert _ed
deserter	n	desert _er
deserters	n	desert _er _s
deserting	v	desert _ing
desertions	n	desertion _s
deserts	n	desert _s
deserts	v	desert _es
deserved	v	deserve _ed
deserves	v	deserve _es
desiccants	n	desiccant _s
desiccated	v	desiccate _ed
designated	v	designate _ed
designates	v	designate _es
designations	n	designation _s
designed	v	design _ed
designer	a	design _er
designer	n	design _er
designer	v	design _er
designers	n	design _er _s
designing	v	design _ing
designs	n	design _s
designs	v	design _es
desirability	n	desire _able _ity
desirable	a	desire _able
desirable	n	desire _able
desirable	v	desire _able
desirably	r	desire _able _ly
desired	v	desire _ed
desires	n	desire _s
desires	v	desire _es
desirous	a	desire _ous
desirous	n	desire _ous
desisted	v	desist _ed
desisting	v	desist _ing
desists	v	desist _es
desks	n	desk _s
desktops	n	desktop _s
desolated	v	desolate _ed
desolation	n	de_ solate _ion
desolation	v	de_ solate _ion
despaired	v	despair _ed
despairing	v	despair _ing
despairs	n	despair _s
despairs	v	despair _es
desperadoes	n	desperado _s
desperately	a	desperate _ly
desperately	r	desperate _ly
desperately	v	desperate _ly
despicable	a	despise _able
despised	v	despise _ed
despises	v	despise _es
despoiled	v	despoil _ed
despoilers	n	despoiler _s
despoiling	v	despoil _ing
despoils	v	despoil _es
despondently	r	despondent _ly
despotic	a	despot _ic
despots	n	despot _s
desserts	n	dessert _s
dessertspoons	n	dessertspoon _s
destabilized	v	destabilize _ed
destabilizes	v	destabilize _es
destinations	n	destination _s
destined	v	destine _ed
destines	v	destine _es
destroyed	v	destroy _ed
destroyer	a	destroy _er
destroyer	n	destroy _er
destroyer	v	destroy _er
destroyers	n	destroy _er _s
destroying	v	destroy _ing
destroys	v	destroy _es
destructed	v	destruct _ed
destructing	v	destruct _ing
destruction	a	destroy _ion
destruction	n	destroy _ion
destruction	v	destroy _ion
destructively	r	destruct _ive _ly
destructiveness	a	de_ structive _ness
destructiveness	n	de_ structive _ness
destructs	v	destruct _es
detachable	a	detach _able
detachable	n	detach _able
detached	v	detach _ed
detaches	v	detach _es
detaching	v	detach _ing
detachment	a	detach _ment
detachment	n	detach _ment
detachments	n	detach _ment _s
detailed	v	detail _ed
detailing	v	detail _ing
details	n	detail _s
details	v	detail _es
detained	v	detain _ed
detainees	n	detainee _s
detaining	v	detain _ing
detains	v	detain _es
detectable	a	detect _able
detectable	n	detect _able
detectable	v	detect _able
detected	v	detect _ed
detecting	v	detect _ing
detectives	n	detective _s
detectors	n	detector _s
detects	v	detect _es
detentes	n	detente _s
detention	n	detain _ion
detentions	n	detain _ion _s
detergents	n	detergent _s
deteriorated	v	deteriorate _ed
deteriorates	v	deteriorate _es
determinable	a	determine _able
determinants	n	determinant _s
determinations	n	determination _s
determined	v	determine _ed
determiner	n	determine _er
determiners	n	determine _er _s
determines	v	determine _es
deterministic	a	determine _ism _ic
deterred	v	deter _ed
deterrents	n	deterrent _s
deterring	v	deter _ing
deters	v	deter _es
detestable	a	detest _able
detestable	n	detest _able
detested	v	detest _ed
detesting	v	detest _ing
detests	v	detest _es
dethroned	v	dethrone _ed
dethronement	n	dethrone _ment
dethrones	v	dethrone _es
detonated	v	detonate _ed
detonates	v	detonate _es
detonation	n	detonate _ion
detonations	n	detonate _ion _s
detonators	n	detonator _s
detoured	v	detour _ed
detouring	v	detour _ing
detours	n	detour _s
detours	v	detour _es
detoxed	v	detox _ed
detoxes	n	detox _s
detoxes	v	detox _es
detoxifying	v	detoxify _ing
detoxing	v	detox _ing
detracted	v	detract _ed
detracting	v	detract _ing
detractors	n	detractor _s
detracts	v	detract _es
detrimental	a	detriment _al
detrimental	n	detriment _al
detrimental	v	detriment _al
detrimentally	r	detriment _al _ly
detriments	n	detriment _s
deuces	n	deuce _s
devaluations	n	devaluation _s
devalued	v	devalue _ed
devalues	v	devalue _es
devastated	v	devastate _ed
devastates	v	devastate _es
devastatingly	r	devastate _ing _ly
devastatingly	v	devastate _ing _ly
devastation	n	devastate _ion
developed	v	develop _ed
developer	a	develop _er
developer	n	develop _er
developer	o	develop _er
developer	v	develop _er
developers	n	develop _er _s
developing	v	develop _ing
development	n	develop _ment
developmental	a	develop _ment _al
developmental	n	develop _ment _al
developmental	v	develop _ment _al
developmentally	r	develop _ment _al _ly
developments	n	develop _ment _s
develops	v	develop _es
deviants	n	deviant _s
deviated	v	deviate _ed
deviates	n	deviate _s
deviates	v	deviate _es
deviations	n	deviation _s
devices	n	device _s
devilishly	a	devilish _ly
devilishly	n	devilish _ly
devilishly	r	devilish _ly
devilled	v	devil _ed
devilling	v	devil _ing
devilment	n	devil _ment
devils	n	devil _s
devils	v	devil _es
deviously	r	devious _ly
deviousness	n	devious _ness
devised	v	devise _ed
devises	n	devise _s
devises	v	devise _es
devitalized	v	devitalize _ed
devolved	v	devolve _ed
devolves	v	devolve _es
devoted	v	devote _ed
devotedly	r	devote _ed _ly
devotees	n	devotee _s
devotees	v	devote _es
devotes	v	devote _es
devotional	a	devotion _al
devotional	n	devotion _al
devotionals	n	devotion _al _s
devotions	n	devotion _s
devoured	v	devour _ed
devouring	v	devour _ing
devours	v	devour _es
devoutly	r	devout _ly
devoutness	n	devout _ness
dewdrops	n	dewdrop _s
dewlaps	n	dewlap _s
dewy	a	dew _y
dewy	n	dew _y
dewy	v	dew _y
dexterously	r	dexter _ous _ly
dhows	n	dhow _s
diabetic	a	diabetes _ic
diabetic	n	diabetes _ic
diabetic	v	diabetes _ic
diabetics	n	diabetes _ic _s
diabolically	r	diabolic _al _ly
diacritical	a	diacritic _al
diacritics	n	diacritic _s
diadems	n	diadem _s
diagnosed	v	diagnose _ed
diagnoses	v	diagnose _es
diagnostic	a	diagnosis _ic
diagnostic	n	diagnosis _ic
diagnosticians	n	diagnostician _s
diagonally	r	diagonal _ly
diagonals	n	diagonal _s
diagrammatically	r	diagram _ic _al _ly
diagrammed	v	diagram _ed
diagramming	v	diagram _ing
diagrams	n	diagram _s
diagrams	v	diagram _es
dialectal	a	dialect _al
dialectic	a	dialect _ic
dialectic	n	dialect _ic
dialectical	a	dialect _ic _al
dialectical	n	dialect _ic _al
dialectics	n	dialect _ic _s
dialects	n	dialect _s
dialed	v	dial _ed
dialing	v	dial _ing
dialogues	n	dialogue _s
dials	n	dial _s
dials	v	dial _es
diameters	n	diameter _s
diametrically	n	diametric _al _ly
diametrically	r	diametric _al _ly
diamondbacks	n	diamondback _s
diamonds	n	diamond _s
diapers	n	diaper _s
diaphragms	n	diaphragm _s
diarists	n	diarist _s
diasporas	n	diaspora _s
diatoms	n	diatom _s
diatribes	n	diatribe _s
dibbled	v	dibble _ed
diced	v	dice _ed
dices	n	dice _s
dices	v	dice _es
dicey	a	dice _y
dicey	n	dice _y
dicey	r	dice _y
dicey	v	dice _y
dickered	v	dicker _ed
dickering	v	dicker _ing
dickeys	n	dickey _s
dickheads	n	dickhead _s
dicks	n	dick _s
dickybirds	n	dickybird _s
dictated	v	dictate _ed
dictates	n	dictate _s
dictates	v	dictate _es
dictations	n	dictation _s
dictators	n	dictator _s
dictatorships	n	dictatorship _s
diddled	v	diddle _ed
diddles	v	diddle _es
died	v	die _ed
dielectrics	n	dielectric _s
dies	v	die _es
diesels	n	diesel _s
dieted	v	diet _ed
dieters	n	dieter _s
dieting	v	diet _ing
dietitians	n	dietitian _s
diets	n	diet _s
diets	v	diet _es
differed	v	differ _ed
differences	n	difference _s
differentials	n	differential _s
differentiated	v	differentiate _ed
differentiates	v	differentiate _es
differentiation	n	differentiate _ion
differently	r	different _ly
differing	v	differ _ing
differs	v	differ _es
diffidently	r	diffident _ly
diffracted	v	diffract _ed
diffracting	v	diffract _ing
diffused	v	diffuse _ed
diffusely	r	diffuse _ly
diffuseness	n	diffuse _ness
diffuses	v	diffuse _es
diffusion	n	diffuse _ion
digested	v	digest _ed
digestibility	n	digest _ible _ity
digesting	v	digest _ing
digestion	n	digest _ion
digestions	n	digest _ion _s
digestives	n	digestive _s
digests	n	digest _s
digests	v	digest _es
digger	n	dig _er
digger	v	dig _er
diggers	n	dig _er _s
digging	v	dig _ing
diggings	n	digging _s
digital	a	digit _al
digital	n	digit _al
digital	v	digit _al
digitized	v	digitize _ed
digitizes	v	digitize _es
digits	n	digit _s
dignifying	v	dignify _ing
digraphs	n	digraph _s
digressed	v	digress _ed
digresses	v	digress _es
digressing	v	digress _ing
digression	n	digress _ion
digressions	n	digress _ion _s
digs	n	dig _s
digs	v	dig _es
diked	v	dike _ed
dikes	n	dike _s
dilapidated	v	dilapidate _ed
dilated	v	dilate _ed
dilates	v	dilate _es
dilation	n	dilate _ion
dilators	n	dilator _s
dildos	n	dildo _s
dilemmas	n	dilemma _s
dilettantes	n	dilettante _s
diligently	r	diligent _ly
diligently	v	diligent _ly
dills	n	dill _s
dillydallying	v	dillydally _ing
diluted	v	dilute _ed
dilutes	v	dilute _es
dilutions	n	dilution _s
dimensional	a	dimension _al
dimensional	n	dimension _al
dimensions	n	dimension _s
dimensions	v	dimension _es
dimes	n	dime _s
diminished	v	diminish _ed
diminishes	v	diminish _es
diminishing	v	diminish _ing
diminutions	n	diminution _s
diminutives	n	diminutive _s
dimly	a	dim _ly
dimly	n	dim _ly
dimly	r	dim _ly
dimly	v	dim _ly
dimmed	v	dim _ed
dimmer	a	dim _er
dimmers	n	dimmer _s
dimmest	a	dim _est
dimming	v	dim _ing
dimness	n	dim _ness
dimpled	v	dimple _ed
dimples	n	dimple _s
dimples	v	dimple _es
dims	v	dim _es
dimwits	n	dimwit _s
dinars	n	dinar _s
dined	v	din _ed
diner	n	dine _er
diners	n	dine _er _s
dines	v	din _es
dinettes	n	dinette _s
dingbats	n	dingbat _s
dinged	v	ding _ed
dinging	v	ding _ing
dingles	n	dingle _s
dingoes	n	dingo _s
dings	n	ding _s
dings	v	ding _es
dining	v	din _ing
dinned	v	din _ed
dinners	n	dinner _s
dinning	v	dine _ing
dinosaurs	n	dinosaur _s
dins	n	din _s
dins	v	din _es
dioceses	n	diocese _s
diodes	n	diode _s
dioramas	n	diorama _s
dioxides	n	dioxide _s
dioxins	n	dioxin _s
diphthongs	n	diphthong _s
diploids	n	diploid _s
diplomas	n	diploma _s
diplomatic	a	diplomat _ic
diplomatic	n	diplomat _ic
diplomatists	n	diplomatist _s
diplomats	n	diplomat _s
dipoles	n	dipole _s
dipped	v	dip _ed
dipper	n	dip _er
dippers	n	dip _er _s
dipping	v	dip _ing
dips	n	dip _s
dips	v	dip _es
dipsomaniacs	n	dipsomaniac _s
dipsticks	n	dipstick _s
diptychs	n	diptych _s
directed	v	direct _ed
directing	v	direct _ing
directional	a	direct _ion _al
directional	n	direct _ion _al
directions	n	direction _s
directives	n	directive _s
directly	r	direct _ly
directness	n	direct _ness
directorates	n	directorate _s
directors	n	director _s
directorships	n	directorship _s
directs	v	direct _es
direr	a	dire _r
direst	a	dire _st
dirges	n	dirge _s
dirigibles	n	dirigible _s
dirks	n	dirk _s
dirndls	n	dirndl _s
dirty	a	dirt _y
dirty	n	dirt _y
dirty	o	dirt _y
dirty	r	dirt _y
dirty	v	dirt _y
dirtying	v	dirt _y _ing
disability	n	dis_ able _ity
disabled	v	disable _ed
disablement	a	dis_ able _ment
disablement	n	dis_ able _ment
disablement	v	dis_ able _ment
disables	v	disable _es
disabused	v	disabuse _ed
disabuses	v	disabuse _es
disadvantaged	v	disadvantage _ed
disadvantageous	a	dis_ advantage _ous
disadvantages	n	disadvantage _s
disadvantages	v	disadvantage _es
disaffected	v	disaffect _ed
disafforested	v	disafforest _ed
disafforesting	v	disafforest _ing
disagreeable	a	dis_ agree _able
disagreeable	n	dis_ agree _able
disagreeably	r	dis_ agree _able _ly
disagreed	v	disagree _ed
disagreeing	v	disagree _ing
disagreement	a	dis_ agree _ment
disagreement	n	dis_ agree _ment
disagreement	v	dis_ agree _ment
disagreements	n	dis_ agree _ment _s
disagrees	v	disagree _es
disallowed	v	disallow _ed
disallowing	v	disallow _ing
disallows	v	disallow _es
disappearances	n	disappearance _s
disappeared	v	disappear _ed
disappearing	v	disappear _ing
disappears	v	disappear _es
disappointed	v	disappoint _ed
disappointing	v	disappoint _ing
disappointingly	r	dis_ appoint _ing _ly
disappointment	a	dis_ appoint _ment
disappointment	n	dis_ appoint _ment
disappointment	v	dis_ appoint _ment
disappointments	n	dis_ appoint _ment _s
disappoints	v	disappoint _es
disapproved	v	disapprove _ed
disapproves	v	disapprove _es
disarmament	a	disarm _ment
disarmament	n	disarm _ment
disarmament	v	disarm _ment
disarmed	v	disarm _ed
disarming	v	disarm _ing
disarms	v	disarm _es
disarranged	v	disarrange _ed
disarrayed	v	disarray _ed
disassembled	v	disassemble _ed
disassociated	v	disassociate _ed
disassociates	v	disassociate _es
disasters	n	disaster _s
disastrous	a	disaster _ous
disastrously	a	disaster _ous _ly
disastrously	r	disaster _ous _ly
disavowals	n	disavowal _s
disavowed	v	disavow _ed
disavowing	v	disavow _ing
disavows	v	disavow _es
disbanded	v	disband _ed
disbanding	v	disband _ing
disbandment	n	disband _ment
disbands	v	disband _es
disbarment	n	dis_ bar _ment
disbarment	v	dis_ bar _ment
disbarred	v	disbar _ed
disbarring	v	disbar _ing
disbelieved	v	disbelieve _ed
disbeliever	n	dis_ believe _er
disbelievers	n	dis_ believe _er _s
disbelieves	v	disbelieve _es
disbursed	v	disburse _ed
disbursement	n	disburse _ment
disbursement	v	disburse _ment
disbursements	n	disburse _ment _s
disburses	v	disburse _es
discarded	v	discard _ed
discarding	v	discard _ing
discards	n	discard _s
discards	v	discard _es
discerned	v	discern _ed
discernibly	n	discern _ible _ly
discernibly	r	discern _ible _ly
discerning	v	discern _ing
discernment	a	discern _ment
discernment	n	discern _ment
discerns	v	discern _es
discharged	v	discharge _ed
discharges	n	discharge _s
discharges	v	discharge _es
disciples	n	disciple _s
disciplinarians	n	disciplinarian _s
disciplined	v	discipline _ed
disciplines	n	discipline _s
disciplines	v	discipline _es
disclaimed	v	disclaim _ed
disclaimer	n	dis_ claim _er
disclaimer	v	dis_ claim _er
disclaimers	n	dis_ claim _er _s
disclaiming	v	disclaim _ing
disclaims	v	disclaim _es
disclosed	v	disclose _ed
discloses	v	disclose _es
disclosures	n	disclosure _s
discoed	v	disco _ed
discoing	v	disco _ing
discolorations	n	discoloration _s
discoloured	v	discolour _ed
discolouring	v	discolour _ing
discolours	v	discolour _es
discombobulated	v	discombobulate _ed
discombobulates	v	discombobulate _es
discomfited	v	discomfit _ed
discomfiting	v	discomfit _ing
discomfits	v	discomfit _es
discomforts	n	discomfort _s
discommoded	v	discommode _ed
discomposed	v	discompose _ed
disconcerted	v	disconcert _ed
disconcerting	v	disconcert _ing
disconcerts	v	disconcert _es
disconnected	v	disconnect _ed
disconnecting	v	disconnect _ing
disconnection	n	dis_ connect _ion
disconnections	n	dis_ connect _ion _s
disconnects	n	disconnect _s
disconnects	v	disconnect _es
disconsolately	r	dis_ console _ate _ly
discontented	v	discontent _ed
discontentment	n	dis_ content _ment
discontents	n	discontent _s
discontinuations	n	discontinuation _s
discontinued	v	discontinue _ed
discontinues	v	discontinue _es
discontinuity	n	dis_ continue _ous _ity
discords	n	discord _s
discos	n	disco _s
discos	v	disco _es
discotheques	n	discotheque _s
discounted	v	discount _ed
discountenanced	v	discountenance _ed
discounters	n	discounter _s
discounting	v	discount _ing
discounts	n	discount _s
discounts	v	discount _es
discouraged	v	discourage _ed
discouragement	a	dis_ courage _ment
discouragement	n	dis_ courage _ment
discouragement	v	dis_ courage _ment
discouragements	n	dis_ courage _ment _s
discourages	v	discourage _es
discoursed	v	discourse _ed
discourses	n	discourse _s
discourses	v	discourse _es
discovered	v	discover _ed
discoverer	n	discover _er
discoverers	n	discover _er _s
discovering	v	discover _ing
discovers	v	discover _es
discreditable	a	dis_ credit _able
discredited	v	discredit _ed
discrediting	v	discredit _ing
discredits	n	discredit _s
discredits	v	discredit _es
discreetest	a	discreet _est
discreetly	r	discreet _ly
discretely	r	discrete _ly
discreteness	n	discrete _ness
discriminated	v	discriminate _ed
discriminates	v	discriminate _es
discriminators	n	discriminator _s
discs	n	disc _s
discursively	r	discurse _ive _ly
discuses	n	discus _s
discussants	n	discussant _s
discussed	v	discuss _ed
discusses	v	discuss _es
discussing	v	discuss _ing
discussions	n	discussion _s
disdained	v	disdain _ed
disdainful	a	disdain _ful
disdainful	n	disdain _ful
disdainfully	r	disdain _ful _ly
disdaining	v	disdain _ing
disdains	n	disdain _s
disdains	v	disdain _es
diseases	n	disease _s
disembarked	v	disembark _ed
disembarking	v	disembark _ing
disembarks	v	disembark _es
disembodying	v	disembody _ing
disembowelled	v	disembowel _ed
disembowelling	v	disembowel _ing
disembowels	v	disembowel _es
disenchanted	v	disenchant _ed
disenchanting	v	disenchant _ing
disenchantment	a	dis_ enchant _ment
disenchantment	n	dis_ enchant _ment
disenfranchised	v	disenfranchise _ed
disenfranchises	v	disenfranchise _es
disengaged	v	disengage _ed
disengagement	n	dis_ engage _ment
disengagements	n	dis_ engage _ment _s
disengages	v	disengage _es
disentangled	v	disentangle _ed
disentanglement	n	disentangle _ment
disentangles	v	disentangle _es
disestablished	v	disestablish _ed
disestablishing	v	disestablish _ing
disestablishment	n	disestablish _ment
disfavoured	v	disfavour _ed
disfavouring	v	disfavour _ing
disfavours	v	disfavour _es
disfigured	v	disfigure _ed
disfigurement	a	dis_ figure _ment
disfigurement	n	dis_ figure _ment
disfigurements	n	dis_ figure _ment _s
disfigures	v	disfigure _es
disfranchised	v	disfranchise _ed
disfranchisement	n	dis_ franchise _ment
disgorged	v	disgorge _ed
disgorges	v	disgorge _es
disgraced	v	disgrace _ed
disgraceful	a	dis_ grace _ful
disgraceful	n	dis_ grace _ful
disgraceful	o	dis_ grace _ful
disgracefully	r	dis_ grace _ful _ly
disgraces	n	disgrace _s
disgraces	v	disgrace _es
disgruntled	v	disgruntle _ed
disguised	v	disguise _ed
disguises	n	disguise _s
disguises	v	disguise _es
disgusted	v	disgust _ed
disgustedly	r	disgust _ed _ly
disgusting	v	disgust _ing
disgustingly	r	disgust _ing _ly
disgusts	n	disgust _s
disgusts	v	disgust _es
disharmonious	a	dis_ harmony _ous
dishcloths	n	dishcloth _s
disheartened	v	dishearten _ed
disheartening	v	dishearten _ing
disheartens	v	dishearten _es
dished	v	dish _ed
dishes	n	dish _s
dishes	v	dish _es
dishevelled	v	dishevel _ed
dishing	v	dish _ing
dishonestly	r	dis_ honest _ly
dishonourable	a	dis_ honour _able
dishonourably	r	dis_ honour _able _ly
dishonoured	v	dishonour _ed
dishonouring	v	dishonour _ing
dishonours	n	dishonour _s
dishonours	v	dishonour _es
dishrags	n	dishrag _s
dishtowels	n	dishtowel _s
dishwashers	n	dishwasher _s
dishy	a	dish _y
dishy	n	dish _y
disillusioned	v	disillusion _ed
disillusioning	v	disillusion _ing
disillusionment	a	dis_ illusion _ment
disillusionment	n	dis_ illusion _ment
disillusionment	v	dis_ illusion _ment
disillusions	n	disillusion _s
disincentives	n	disincentive _s
disinclined	v	disincline _ed
disinclines	v	disincline _es
disinfectants	n	disinfectant _s
disinfected	v	disinfect _ed
disinfecting	v	disinfect _ing
disinfection	n	dis_ infect _ion
disinfection	v	dis_ infect _ion
disinfects	v	disinfect _es
disingenuously	r	dis_ ingenuous _ly
disinherited	v	disinherit _ed
disinheriting	v	disinherit _ing
disinherits	v	disinherit _es
disintegrated	v	disintegrate _ed
disintegrates	v	disintegrate _es
disintegration	n	dis_ integrate _ion
disinterestedly	r	dis_ interest _ed _ly
disinterestedness	n	dis_ interest _ed _ness
disinterment	n	dis_ inter _ment
disinterred	v	disinter _ed
disinterring	v	disinter _ing
disinters	v	disinter _es
disjointed	v	disjoint _ed
disjointing	v	disjoint _ing
disjoints	v	disjoint _es
diskettes	n	diskette _s
disks	n	disk _s
disks	v	disk _es
disliked	v	dislike _ed
dislikes	n	dislike _s
dislikes	v	dislike _es
dislocated	v	dislocate _ed
dislocates	v	dislocate _es
dislocation	n	dis_ locate _ion
dislocations	n	dis_ locate _ion _s
dislodged	v	dislodge _ed
dislodges	v	dislodge _es
dismally	r	dismal _ly
dismantled	v	dismantle _ed
dismantlement	a	dis_ mantle _ment
dismantlement	n	dis_ mantle _ment
dismantles	v	dismantle _es
dismayed	v	dismay _ed
dismaying	v	dismay _ing
dismays	n	dismay _s
dismays	v	dismay _es
dismembered	v	dismember _ed
dismembering	v	dismember _ing
dismemberment	n	dis_ member _ment
dismembers	v	dismember _es
dismissals	n	dismissal _s
dismissed	v	dismiss _ed
dismisses	v	dismiss _es
dismissing	v	dismiss _ing
dismounted	v	dismount _ed
dismounting	v	dismount _ing
dismounts	n	dismount _s
dismounts	v	dismount _es
disobeyed	v	disobey _ed
disobeying	v	disobey _ing
disobeys	v	disobey _es
disordered	v	disorder _ed
disordering	v	disorder _ing
disorders	n	disorder _s
disorganized	v	disorganize _ed
disorganizes	v	disorganize _es
disorientated	v	disorientate _ed
disorientates	v	disorientate _es
disoriented	v	disorient _ed
disorienting	v	disorient _ing
disorients	v	disorient _es
disowned	v	disown _ed
disowning	v	disown _ing
disowns	v	disown _es
disparaged	v	disparage _ed
disparagement	a	disparage _ment
disparagement	n	disparage _ment
disparages	v	disparage _es
dispassionately	r	dis_ passion _ate _ly
dispatched	v	dispatch _ed
dispatchers	n	dispatcher _s
dispatches	n	dispatch _s
dispatches	v	dispatch _es
dispatching	v	dispatch _ing
dispelled	v	dispel _ed
dispelling	v	dispel _ing
dispels	v	dispel _es
dispensable	a	dispense _able
dispensations	n	dispensation _s
dispensed	v	dispense _ed
dispenser	n	dispense _er
dispenser	v	dispense _er
dispensers	n	dispense _er _s
dispenses	v	dispense _es
dispersed	v	disperse _ed
disperses	v	disperse _es
dispirited	v	dispirit _ed
dispiriting	v	dispirit _ing
displaced	v	displace _ed
displacement	a	displace _ment
displacement	n	displace _ment
displacement	v	displace _ment
displacements	n	displace _ment _s
displaces	v	displace _es
displayed	v	display _ed
displaying	v	display _ing
displays	n	display _s
displays	v	display _es
displeased	v	displease _ed
displeases	v	displease _es
disported	v	disport _ed
disporting	v	disport _ing
disports	v	disport _es
disposable	a	dis_ pose _able
disposable	n	dis_ pose _able
disposables	n	dis_ pose _able _s
disposal	a	dis_ pose _al
disposal	n	dis_ pose _al
disposal	o	dis_ pose _al
disposal	v	dis_ pose _al
disposals	n	dis_ pose _al _s
disposed	v	dispose _ed
disposes	v	dispose _es
dispositions	n	disposition _s
dispossessed	v	dispossess _ed
dispossesses	v	dispossess _es
dispossessing	v	dispossess _ing
dispossession	n	dispossess _ion
disproofs	n	disproof _s
disproportionately	a	dis_ proportion _ate _ly
disproportionately	r	dis_ proportion _ate _ly
disproportions	n	disproportion _s
disproved	v	disprove _ed
disproves	v	disprove _es
disputable	a	dispute _able
disputants	n	disputant _s
disputations	n	disputation _s
disputatious	a	disputation _ous
disputed	v	dispute _ed
disputes	n	dispute _s
disputes	v	dispute _es
disqualifications	n	disqualification _s
disqualifying	v	disqualify _ing
disquieted	v	disquiet _ed
disquieting	v	disquiet _ing
disquiets	n	disquiet _s
disquisitions	n	disquisition _s
disregarded	v	disregard _ed
disregarding	v	disregard _ing
disregards	n	disregard _s
disregards	v	disregard _es
disrespected	v	disrespect _ed
disrespectful	a	dis_ respect _ful
disrespectful	n	dis_ respect _ful
disrespectful	v	dis_ respect _ful
disrespectfully	r	dis_ respect _ful _ly
disrespecting	v	disrespect _ing
disrespects	n	disrespect _s
disrespects	v	disrespect _es
disrobed	v	disrobe _ed
disrobes	v	disrobe _es
disrupted	v	disrupt _ed
disrupting	v	disrupt _ing
disruption	n	disrupt _ion
disruptions	n	disrupt _ion _s
disruptively	r	disrupt _ive _ly
disrupts	v	disrupt _es
dissatisfaction	a	dis_ satisfy _ion
dissatisfaction	n	dis_ satisfy _ion
dissatisfying	v	dissatisfy _ing
dissected	v	dissect _ed
dissecting	v	dissect _ing
dissection	n	dissect _ion
dissections	n	dissect _ion _s
dissects	v	dissect _es
dissed	v	diss _ed
dissembled	v	dissemble _ed
dissemblers	n	dissembler _s
dissembles	v	dissemble _es
disseminated	v	disseminate _ed
disseminates	v	disseminate _es
dissemination	n	dis_ seminate _ion
dissension	a	dissent _ion
dissension	n	dissent _ion
dissensions	n	dissent _ion _s
dissented	v	dissent _ed
dissenter	n	dissent _er
dissenters	n	dissent _er _s
dissenting	v	dissent _ing
dissents	n	dissent _s
dissents	v	dissent _es
dissertations	n	dissertation _s
disservices	n	disservice _s
dissidents	n	dissident _s
dissimilarity	n	dis_ similar _ity
dissimulation	n	dis_ simulate _ion
dissing	v	diss _ing
dissipated	v	dissipate _ed
dissipates	v	dissipate _es
dissociated	v	dissociate _ed
dissociates	v	dissociate _es
dissociation	n	dis_ sociate _ion
dissolved	v	dissolve _ed
dissolves	n	dissolve _s
dissolves	v	dissolve _es
dissonances	n	dissonance _s
dissuaded	v	dissuade _ed
dissuades	v	dissuade _es
dissuasion	n	dissuade _ion
distaffs	n	distaff _s
distal	a	distant _al
distal	n	distant _al
distal	v	distant _al
distally	r	distant _al _ly
distanced	v	distance _ed
distances	n	distance _s
distances	v	distance _es
distantly	r	distant _ly
distasteful	a	distaste _ful
distasteful	n	distaste _ful
distasteful	v	distaste _ful
distastefully	r	dis_ taste _ful _ly
distastes	n	distaste _s
distended	v	distend _ed
distending	v	distend _ing
distends	v	distend _es
distensions	n	distension _s
distillates	n	distillate _s
distillations	n	distillation _s
distilled	v	distil _ed
distiller	n	distil _er
distillers	n	distil _er _s
distilling	v	distil _ing
distills	v	distill _es
distinctions	n	distinction _s
distinctively	a	distinct _ive _ly
distinctively	r	distinct _ive _ly
distinctiveness	a	distinctive _ness
distinctiveness	n	distinctive _ness
distinctiveness	r	distinctive _ness
distinctly	r	distinct _ly
distinctness	n	distinct _ness
distinctness	r	distinct _ness
distinguishable	a	distinguish _able
distinguishable	n	distinguish _able
distinguished	v	distinguish _ed
distinguishes	v	distinguish _es
distinguishing	v	distinguish _ing
distorted	v	distort _ed
distorting	v	distort _ing
distortions	n	distortion _s
distorts	v	distort _es
distracted	v	distract _ed
distracting	v	distract _ing
distraction	n	distract _ion
distraction	v	distract _ion
distractions	n	distract _ion _s
distracts	v	distract _es
distressed	v	distress _ed
distresses	n	distress _s
distresses	v	distress _es
distressful	a	distress _ful
distressing	v	distress _ing
distressingly	r	distress _ing _ly
distributed	v	distribute _ed
distributes	v	distribute _es
distribution	n	dis_ tribute _ion
distributional	a	distribute _ion _al
distributions	n	dis_ tribute _ion _s
distributors	n	distributor _s
districts	n	district _s
districts	v	district _es
distrusted	v	distrust _ed
distrustful	a	dis_ trust _ful
distrustful	n	dis_ trust _ful
distrusting	v	distrust _ing
distrusts	n	distrust _s
distrusts	v	distrust _es
disturbances	n	disturbance _s
disturbed	v	disturb _ed
disturbers	n	disturber _s
disturbing	v	disturb _ing
disturbs	v	disturb _es
disunited	v	disunite _ed
ditched	v	ditch _ed
ditches	n	ditch _s
ditches	v	ditch _es
ditching	v	ditch _ing
dithered	v	dither _ed
dithering	v	dither _ing
dithers	n	dither _s
dithers	v	dither _es
diuretics	n	diuretic _s
divans	n	divan _s
divas	n	diva _s
dived	v	dive _ed
diver	a	dive _er
diver	n	dive _er
diver	o	dive _er
diver	r	dive _er
diver	v	dive _er
diverged	v	diverge _ed
divergences	n	divergence _s
diverges	v	diverge _es
divers	n	dive _er _s
diversely	r	diverse _ly
diversifying	v	diversify _ing
diversion	n	divert _ion
diversions	n	divert _ion _s
diversity	a	diverse _ity
diversity	n	diverse _ity
diversity	v	diverse _ity
diverted	v	divert _ed
diverting	v	divert _ing
diverts	v	divert _es
dives	n	dive _s
dives	v	dive _es
divested	v	divest _ed
divesting	v	divest _ing
divestitures	n	divestiture _s
divests	v	divest _es
divided	v	divide _ed
dividends	n	dividend _s
dividers	n	divider _s
divides	n	divide _s
divides	v	divide _es
divined	v	divine _ed
divinely	a	divine _ly
divinely	r	divine _ly
diviner	n	divine _er
diviners	n	divine _er _s
divines	n	divine _s
divines	v	divine _es
divinity	n	divine _ity
division	n	divide _ion
divisions	n	divide _ion _s
divisiveness	n	divisive _ness
divisors	n	divisor _s
divorced	v	divorce _ed
divorcees	n	divorcee _s
divorcees	v	divorce _es
divorces	n	divorce _s
divorces	v	divorce _es
divots	n	divot _s
divulged	v	divulge _ed
divulges	v	divulge _es
dizzily	r	dizzy _ly
dizziness	n	dizzy _ness
dizzying	v	dizzy _ing
dobbins	n	dobbin _s
dobermans	n	doberman _s
docents	n	docent _s
docility	n	docile _ity
docked	v	dock _ed
docker	n	dock _er
dockers	n	dock _er _s
docketed	v	docket _ed
dockets	n	docket _s
docking	v	dock _ing
docks	n	dock _s
docks	v	dock _es
dockworkers	n	dockworker _s
dockyards	n	dockyard _s
docs	n	doc _s
doctoral	a	doctor _al
doctoral	n	doctor _al
doctorates	n	doctorate _s
doctored	v	doctor _ed
doctoring	v	doctor _ing
doctors	n	doctor _s
doctors	v	doctor _es
doctrinaires	n	doctrinaire _s
doctrinal	a	doctrine _al
doctrinal	n	doctrine _al
doctrines	n	doctrine _s
docudramas	n	docudrama _s
documentations	n	documentation _s
documented	v	document _ed
documenting	v	document _ing
documents	n	document _s
documents	v	document _es
doddered	v	dodder _ed
doddering	v	dodder _ing
dodders	n	dodder _s
doddery	a	dodder _y
doddery	n	dodder _y
dodged	v	dodge _ed
dodgems	n	dodgem _s
dodger	n	dodge _er
dodgers	n	dodge _er _s
dodges	n	dodge _s
dodges	v	dodge _es
dodgy	a	dodge _y
dodgy	n	dodge _y
dodgy	r	dodge _y
dodgy	v	dodge _y
dodos	n	dodo _s
doer	a	do _er
doer	n	do _er
doers	n	do _er _s
does	n	doe _s
does	v	do _es
doeskins	n	doeskin _s
doffed	v	doff _ed
doffing	v	doff _ing
doffs	v	doff _es
doges	n	doge _s
dogfights	n	dogfight _s
dogged	v	dog _ed
doggedly	r	dog _ed _ly
doggedness	n	dog _ged _ness
dogging	v	dog _ing
doggy	a	dog _y
doggy	n	dog _y
doggy	v	dog _y
doghouses	n	doghouse _s
doglegs	n	dogleg _s
dogmas	n	dogma _s
dogmatic	a	dogma _ic
dogmatic	n	dogma _ic
dogmatist	n	dogma _ism _ist
dogmatists	n	dogma _ism _ist _s
dogs	n	dog _s
dogs	v	dog _es
dogwoods	n	dogwood _s
doing	v	do _ing
doings	v	do _ing _s
doleful	a	dole _ful
doleful	n	dole _ful
doleful	v	dole _ful
dolefully	r	dole _ful _ly
doles	n	dole _s
dollars	n	dollar _s
dollhouses	n	dollhouse _s
dollops	n	dollop _s
dolls	n	doll _s
dolmens	n	dolmen _s
dolorous	a	dolour _ous
dolphins	n	dolphin _s
dolts	n	dolt _s
domains	n	domain _s
domes	n	dome _s
domesticated	v	domesticate _ed
domestication	n	domestic _ate _ion
domesticity	n	domestic _ity
domestics	n	domestic _s
domiciled	v	domicile _ed
domiciles	n	domicile _s
dominantly	r	dominant _ly
dominants	n	dominant _s
dominated	v	dominate _ed
dominates	v	dominate _es
domineering	v	domineer _ing
dominions	n	dominion _s
dominoes	n	domino _s
donas	n	dona _s
donated	v	donate _ed
donates	v	donate _es
donations	n	donation _s
done	v	do _ne
donged	v	dong _ed
donging	v	dong _ing
dongles	n	dongle _s
dongs	n	dong _s
donkeys	n	donkey _s
donned	v	don _ed
donning	v	don _ing
donors	n	donor _s
dons	n	don _s
dons	v	don _es
donuts	n	donut _s
doodads	n	doodad _s
doodlebugs	n	doodlebug _s
doodled	v	doodle _ed
doodles	n	doodle _s
doodles	v	doodle _es
doomed	v	doom _ed
dooming	v	doom _ing
dooms	n	doom _s
dooms	v	doom _es
doorbells	n	doorbell _s
doorjambs	n	doorjamb _s
doorkeepers	n	doorkeeper _s
doorknobs	n	doorknob _s
doorknockers	n	doorknocker _s
doormats	n	doormat _s
doorposts	n	doorpost _s
doors	n	door _s
doorsteps	n	doorstep _s
doorstops	n	doorstop _s
doorways	n	doorway _s
doped	v	dope _ed
dopes	n	dope _s
dopes	v	dope _es
dopey	a	dope _y
dopey	n	dope _y
dopey	o	dope _y
dopey	r	dope _y
dopey	v	dope _y
doppelgangers	n	doppelganger _s
dorks	n	dork _s
dormers	n	dormer _s
dorms	n	dorm _s
dosages	n	dosage _s
dosed	v	dose _ed
doses	n	dose _s
doses	v	dose _es
dosimeters	n	dosimeter _s
doss	n	dos _s
dossed	v	doss _ed
dossers	n	dosser _s
dosses	n	do _s _s
dosses	v	doss _es
dossiers	n	dossier _s
dossing	v	doss _ing
dotards	n	dotard _s
doted	v	dot _ed
dotes	v	dot _es
doting	v	dot _ing
dots	n	dot _s
dots	v	dot _es
dotted	v	dot _ed
dotting	v	dot _ing
dotty	a	dot _y
dotty	n	dot _y
dotty	r	dot _y
dotty	v	dot _y
doubled	v	double _ed
doubleheaders	n	doubleheader _s
doubles	n	double _s
doubles	v	double _es
doublets	n	doublet _s
doubloons	n	doubloon _s
doubly	a	double _ly
doubly	n	double _ly
doubly	r	double _ly
doubted	v	doubt _ed
doubter	n	doubt _er
doubters	n	doubt _er _s
doubtful	a	doubt _ful
doubtful	n	doubt _ful
doubtful	r	doubt _ful
doubtful	v	doubt _ful
doubtfully	r	doubt _ful _ly
doubting	v	doubt _ing
doubts	n	doubt _s
doubts	v	doubt _es
douched	v	douche _ed
douches	n	douche _s
doughnuts	n	doughnut _s
doughy	a	dough _y
dourest	a	dour _est
doused	v	douse _ed
douses	v	douse _es
dovecotes	n	dovecote _s
doves	n	dove _s
dovetailed	v	dovetail _ed
dovetailing	v	dovetail _ing
dovetails	n	dovetail _s
dovetails	v	dovetail _es
dowagers	n	dowager _s
dowels	n	dowel _s
dowered	v	dower _ed
dowers	n	dower _s
downbeats	n	downbeat _s
downdrafts	n	downdraft _s
downed	v	down _ed
downer	n	down _er
downers	n	down _er _s
downfalls	n	downfall _s
downgraded	v	downgrade _ed
downgrades	n	downgrade _s
downgrades	v	downgrade _es
downhills	n	downhill _s
downing	v	down _ing
downloaded	v	download _ed
downloading	v	download _ing
downloads	v	download _es
downplayed	v	downplay _ed
downplaying	v	downplay _ing
downplays	v	downplay _es
downpours	n	downpour _s
downs	n	down _s
downs	v	down _es
downshifts	n	downshift _s
downsides	n	downside _s
downsized	v	downsize _ed
downsizes	v	downsize _es
downswings	n	downswing _s
downturns	n	downturn _s
downy	a	down _y
downy	n	down _y
downy	v	down _y
dowsed	v	dowse _ed
dowser	n	dowse _er
dowsers	n	dowse _er _s
doyennes	n	doyenne _s
doyens	n	doyen _s
dozed	v	doze _ed
dozens	n	dozen _s
dozes	n	doze _s
dozes	v	doze _es
dozy	a	doze _y
dozy	n	doze _y
dozy	v	doze _y
drabber	a	drab _er
drabbest	a	drab _est
drabness	n	drab _ness
drabs	n	drab _s
drachmas	n	drachma _s
drafted	v	draft _ed
draftees	n	draftee _s
drafters	n	drafter _s
drafting	v	draft _ing
drafts	n	draft _s
drafts	v	draft _es
dragged	v	drag _ed
dragging	v	drag _ing
draggy	a	drag _y
draggy	n	drag _y
dragnets	n	dragnet _s
dragons	n	dragon _s
dragooned	v	dragoon _ed
dragooning	v	dragoon _ing
dragoons	n	dragoon _s
dragoons	v	dragoon _es
drags	n	drag _s
drags	v	drag _es
drained	v	drain _ed
draining	v	drain _ing
drainpipes	n	drainpipe _s
drains	n	drain _s
drains	v	drain _es
drakes	n	drake _s
dramas	n	drama _s
dramatic	a	drama _ic
dramatic	n	drama _ic
dramatic	v	drama _ic
dramatist	n	drama _ist
dramatists	n	drama _ist _s
dramatizations	n	dramatization _s
dramatize	v	drama _ize
dramatized	v	drama _ize _ed
dramatizes	v	drama _ize _es
drams	n	dram _s
draped	v	drape _ed
draper	a	drape _er
draper	n	drape _er
draper	o	drape _er
drapers	n	drape _er _s
drapes	n	drape _s
drapes	v	drape _es
drawbacks	n	drawback _s
drawbridges	n	drawbridge _s
drawer	a	draw _er
drawer	n	draw _er
drawer	r	draw _er
drawer	v	draw _er
drawers	n	draw _er _s
drawing	v	draw _ing
drawings	n	drawing _s
drawings	v	draw _es
drawled	v	drawl _ed
drawling	v	drawl _ing
drawls	n	drawl _s
drawls	v	drawl _es
drawn	v	draw _n
draws	n	draw _s
draws	v	draw _es
drawstrings	n	drawstring _s
drays	n	dray _s
dreaded	v	dread _ed
dreadful	a	dread _ful
dreadful	n	dread _ful
dreadful	v	dread _ful
dreadfully	n	dread _ful _ly
dreadfully	r	dread _ful _ly
dreadfulness	n	dread _ful _ness
dreading	v	dread _ing
dreadlocks	n	dreadlock _s
dreadnoughts	n	dreadnought _s
dreads	n	dread _s
dreads	v	dread _es
dreamed	v	dream _ed
dreamer	a	dream _er
dreamer	n	dream _er
dreamers	n	dream _er _s
dreamily	n	dream _y _ly
dreamily	r	dream _y _ly
dreaminess	n	dream _y _ness
dreaming	v	dream _ing
dreamless	a	dream _less
dreamless	n	dream _less
dreams	n	dream _s
dreams	v	dream _es
dreamt	v	dream _t
dreamy	a	dream _y
dreamy	n	dream _y
dreamy	r	dream _y
dreamy	v	dream _y
drearily	r	dreary _ly
dreariness	n	dreary _ness
dreariness	v	dreary _ness
dredged	v	dredge _ed
dredger	n	dredge _er
dredgers	n	dredge _er _s
dredges	n	dredge _s
dredges	v	dredge _es
dregs	n	dreg _s
drenched	v	drench _ed
drenches	v	drench _es
drenching	v	drench _ing
dressed	v	dress _ed
dresser	a	dress _er
dresser	n	dress _er
dresser	o	dress _er
dressers	n	dress _er _s
dresses	n	dress _s
dresses	v	dress _es
dressing	v	dress _ing
dressings	n	dressing _s
dressings	v	dress _es
dressmakers	n	dressmaker _s
dressy	a	dress _y
dressy	n	dress _y
dribbled	v	dribble _ed
dribbler	n	dribble _er
dribblers	n	dribble _er _s
dribbles	n	dribble _s
dribbles	v	dribble _es
driers	n	drier _s
drifted	v	drift _ed
drifter	a	drift _er
drifter	n	drift _er
drifter	v	drift _er
drifters	n	drift _er _s
drifting	v	drift _ing
drifts	n	drift _s
drifts	v	drift _es
drilled	v	drill _ed
drilling	v	drill _ing
drills	n	drill _s
drills	v	drill _es
drinkable	a	drink _able
drinkable	n	drink _able
drinker	n	drink _er
drinkers	n	drink _er _s
drinking	v	drink _ing
drinkings	n	drinking _s
drinks	n	drink _s
drinks	v	drink _es
dripped	v	drip _ed
dripping	v	drip _ing
drippings	n	dripping _s
drips	n	drip _s
drips	v	drip _es
drivelled	v	drivel _ed
drivelling	v	drivel _ing
driven	v	drive _n
driver	a	drive _er
driver	n	drive _er
driver	o	drive _er
driver	r	drive _er
driver	v	drive _er
drivers	n	drive _er _s
drives	n	drive _s
drives	v	drive _es
driveshafts	n	driveshaft _s
driveways	n	driveway _s
drizzled	v	drizzle _ed
drizzles	n	drizzle _s
drizzles	v	drizzle _es
drizzly	a	drizzle _y
drizzly	n	drizzle _y
drogues	n	drogue _s
droned	v	drone _ed
drones	n	drone _s
drones	v	drone _es
drooled	v	drool _ed
drooling	v	drool _ing
drools	n	drool _s
drools	v	drool _es
drooped	v	droop _ed
drooping	v	droop _ing
droops	n	droop _s
droops	v	droop _es
dropkicks	n	dropkick _s
droplets	n	droplet _s
dropouts	n	dropout _s
dropped	v	drop _ed
dropper	a	drop _er
dropper	n	drop _er
dropper	o	drop _er
droppers	n	drop _er _s
dropping	v	drop _ing
drops	n	drop _s
drops	v	drop _es
droughts	n	drought _s
drover	n	drove _er
drovers	n	drove _er _s
droves	n	drove _s
drowned	v	drown _ed
drowning	v	drown _ing
drownings	v	drown _es
drowns	v	drown _es
drowsed	v	drowse _ed
drowsily	r	drowse _y _ly
drowsiness	a	drowsy _ness
drowsiness	n	drowsy _ness
drubbed	v	drub _ed
drubbing	v	drub _ing
drubbings	n	drubbing _s
drubs	v	drub _es
drudged	v	drudge _ed
drudges	n	drudge _s
drudges	v	drudge _es
drugged	v	drug _ed
drugging	v	drug _ing
druggist	n	drug _ist
druggists	n	drug _ist _s
drugs	n	drug _s
drugs	v	drug _es
drugstores	n	drugstore _s
druids	n	druid _s
drumbeats	n	drumbeat _s
drumlins	n	drumlin _s
drummed	v	drum _ed
drummer	a	drum _er
drummer	n	drum _er
drummer	o	drum _er
drummer	v	drum _er
drummers	n	drum _er _s
drumming	v	drum _ing
drums	n	drum _s
drums	v	drum _es
drumsticks	n	drumstick _s
drunkards	n	drunkard _s
drunkenly	r	drunk _en _ly
drunkenness	a	drunk _en _ness
drunkenness	n	drunk _en _ness
drunkenness	v	drunk _en _ness
drunker	a	drunk _er
drunkest	a	drunk _est
drunks	n	drunk _s
drupes	n	drupe _s
dryads	n	dryad _s
dryer	a	dry _er
dryer	n	dry _er
dryer	v	dry _er
dryers	n	dry _er _s
drying	v	dry _ing
dryness	a	dry _ness
dryness	n	dry _ness
dryness	v	dry _ness
drys	n	dry _s
drys	v	dry _es
dubbed	v	dub _ed
dubbing	v	dub _ing
dubiously	r	dubious _ly
dubs	n	dub _s
dubs	v	dub _es
ducal	a	duke _al
ducats	n	ducat _s
duchesses	n	duchess _s
duckbills	n	duckbill _s
duckboards	n	duckboard _s
ducked	v	duck _ed
ducking	v	duck _ing
ducklings	n	duckling _s
ducks	n	duck _s
ducks	v	duck _es
ducky	a	duck _y
ducky	n	duck _y
ducky	v	duck _y
ductility	n	ductile _ity
ducts	n	duct _s
dudes	n	dude _s
duds	n	dud _s
duelled	v	duel _ed
duellers	n	dueller _s
duelling	v	duel _ing
duellist	n	duel _ist
duellists	n	duel _ist _s
duels	n	duel _s
duels	v	duel _es
dues	n	due _s
duets	n	duet _s
duffers	n	duffer _s
duffs	n	duff _s
dugouts	n	dugout _s
dukedoms	n	dukedom _s
dukes	n	duke _s
dulcimers	n	dulcimer _s
dullards	n	dullard _s
dulled	v	dull _ed
duller	a	dull _er
dullest	a	dull _est
dulling	v	dull _ing
dullness	a	dull _ness
dullness	n	dull _ness
dullness	r	dull _ness
dulls	v	dull _es
dully	n	dull _ly
dully	r	dull _ly
duly	a	due _ly
duly	n	due _ly
duly	r	due _ly
duly	v	due _ly
dumbbells	n	dumbbell _s
dumber	a	dumb _er
dumbest	a	dumb _est
dumbfounded	v	dumbfound _ed
dumbfounding	v	dumbfound _ing
dumbfounds	v	dumbfound _es
dumbly	r	dumb _ly
dumbness	n	dumb _ness
dumbwaiters	n	dumbwaiter _s
dumdums	n	dumdum _s
dumped	v	dump _ed
dumper	a	dump _er
dumper	n	dump _er
dumpers	n	dump _er _s
dumping	v	dump _ing
dumplings	n	dumpling _s
dumps	n	dump _s
dumps	v	dump _es
dumpsites	n	dumpsite _s
dumpsters	n	dumpster _s
dunces	n	dunce _s
dunderheads	n	dunderhead _s
dunes	n	dune _s
dunes	v	dun _es
dungarees	n	dungaree _s
dunged	v	dung _ed
dungeons	n	dungeon _s
dunghills	n	dunghill _s
dunging	v	dung _ing
dungs	n	dung _s
dunked	v	dunk _ed
dunking	v	dunk _ing
dunks	n	dunk _s
dunks	v	dunk _es
dunned	v	dun _ed
dunner	a	dun _er
dunning	v	dun _ing
duns	n	dun _s
duns	v	dun _es
duodenal	a	duodenum _al
duos	n	duo _s
duped	v	dupe _ed
dupes	n	dupe _s
dupes	v	dupe _es
duplexes	n	duplex _s
duplexes	v	duplex _es
duplicated	v	duplicate _ed
duplicates	n	duplicate _s
duplicates	v	duplicate _es
duplication	n	duplicate _ion
duplicators	n	duplicator _s
durability	n	dure _able _ity
dusky	a	dusk _y
dusky	n	dusk _y
dustbins	n	dustbin _s
dustcarts	n	dustcart _s
dusted	v	dust _ed
duster	a	dust _er
duster	n	dust _er
duster	v	dust _er
dusters	n	dust _er _s
dusting	v	dust _ing
dustpans	n	dustpan _s
dusts	n	dust _s
dusts	v	dust _es
dusty	a	dust _y
dusty	n	dust _y
dusty	v	dust _y
dutiful	a	duty _ful
dutiful	n	duty _ful
dutifully	r	duty _ful _ly
duvets	n	duvet _s
dwarfed	v	dwarf _ed
dwarfing	v	dwarf _ing
dwarfs	n	dwarf _s
dwarfs	v	dwarf _es
dweebs	n	dweeb _s
dweller	n	dwell _er
dwellers	n	dwell _er _s
dwelling	v	dwell _ing
dwellings	n	dwelling _s
dwells	v	dwell _es
dwindled	v	dwindle _ed
dwindles	v	dwindle _es
dybbuks	n	dybbuk _s
dyed	v	dye _ed
dyeing	v	dye _ing
dyer	a	dye _er
dyer	n	dye _er
dyer	v	dye _er
dyers	n	dye _er _s
dyes	n	dye _s
dyes	v	dye _es
dykes	n	dyke _s
dynamics	n	dynamic _s
dynamited	v	dynamite _ed
dynamites	n	dynamite _s
dynamites	v	dynamite _es
dynamos	n	dynamo _s
dynastic	a	dynasty _ic
dysfunctions	n	dysfunction _s
dyslexic	a	dyslexia _ic
dyslexic	n	dyslexia _ic
dyslexic	v	dyslexia _ic
dyspeptic	a	dyspepsia _ic
eagerest	a	eager _est
eagerly	a	eager _ly
eagerly	r	eager _ly
eagerness	n	eager _ness
eagles	n	eagle _s
eagles	v	eagle _es
eaglets	n	eaglet _s
earaches	n	earache _s
eardrums	n	eardrum _s
earfuls	n	earful _s
earldoms	n	earldom _s
earliness	n	early _ness
earlobes	n	earlobe _s
earls	n	earl _s
earmarked	v	earmark _ed
earmarking	v	earmark _ing
earmarks	n	earmark _s
earmarks	v	earmark _es
earmuffs	n	earmuff _s
earned	v	earn _ed
earner	n	earn _er
earner	v	earn _er
earners	n	earn _er _s
earnestly	r	earnest _ly
earnestness	n	earnest _ness
earnests	n	earnest _s
earning	v	earn _ing
earns	v	earn _es
earphones	n	earphone _s
earpieces	n	earpiece _s
earplugs	n	earplug _s
earrings	n	earring _s
ears	n	ear _s
earthed	v	earth _ed
earthiness	n	earth _y _ness
earthing	v	earth _ing
earthlings	n	earthling _s
earthquakes	n	earthquake _s
earths	n	earth _s
earths	v	earth _es
earthworks	n	earthwork _s
earthworms	n	earthworm _s
earthy	a	earth _y
earthy	n	earth _y
earwigs	n	earwig _s
eased	v	ease _ed
easels	n	easel _s
easements	n	easement _s
eases	n	eas _s
eases	v	ease _es
easily	r	ease _y _ly
easiness	n	ease _y _ness
easiness	r	ease _y _ness
easterly	a	east _ly
easterly	r	east _ly
easterners	n	easterner _s
eastwards	n	eastward _s
easy	a	ease _y
easy	n	ease _y
easy	o	ease _y
easy	r	ease _y
easy	v	ease _y
eatable	a	eat _able
eatables	n	eat _able _s
eaten	v	eat _en
eater	a	eat _er
eater	n	eat _er
eater	r	eat _er
eaters	n	eat _er _s
eating	v	eat _ing
eats	v	eat _es
eavesdropped	v	eavesdrop _ed
eavesdropper	n	eavesdrop _er
eavesdroppers	n	eavesdrop _er _s
eavesdropping	v	eavesdrop _ing
eavesdrops	v	eavesdrop _es
ebbed	v	ebb _ed
ebbing	v	ebb _ing
ebbs	n	ebb _s
ebbs	v	ebb _es
eccentricity	a	eccentric _ity
eccentricity	n	eccentric _ity
eccentrics	n	eccentric _s
ecclesiastical	a	ecclesiastic _al
ecclesiastical	n	ecclesiastic _al
ecclesiastically	r	ecclesiastic _al _ly
ecclesiastics	n	ecclesiastic _s
echelons	n	echelon _s
echinoderms	n	echinoderm _s
echoed	v	echo _ed
echoes	n	echo _s
echoes	v	echo _es
echoing	v	echo _ing
eclairs	n	eclair _s
eclectics	n	eclectic _s
eclipsed	v	eclipse _ed
eclipses	n	eclipse _s
eclipses	v	eclipse _es
ecliptic	a	eclipse _ic
eclogues	n	eclogue _s
ecologically	r	ecology _ic _al _ly
ecologist	a	ecology _ist
ecologist	n	ecology _ist
ecologist	v	ecology _ist
ecologists	n	ecology _ist _s
economic	a	economy _ic
economist	n	economy _ist
economists	n	economy _ist _s
economize	v	economy _ize
economized	v	economy _ize _ed
economizers	n	economizer _s
economizes	v	economy _ize _es
ecosystems	n	ecosystem _s
ecstatic	a	ecstasy _ic
ecstatic	n	ecstasy _ic
ecumenically	r	ecumenical _ly
eddying	v	eddy _ing
edged	v	edge _ed
edgers	n	edger _s
edges	n	edge _s
edges	v	edge _es
edgily	r	edge _y _ly
edgings	n	edging _s
edgy	a	edge _y
edgy	n	edge _y
edgy	o	edge _y
edgy	r	edge _y
edgy	v	edge _y
edibility	n	edible _ity
edibles	n	edible _s
edicts	n	edict _s
edifices	n	edifice _s
edifying	v	edify _ing
edited	v	edit _ed
editing	v	edit _ing
editions	n	edition _s
editorialize	v	editor _ial _ize
editorialized	v	editor _ial _ize _ed
editorially	r	editorial _ly
editorials	n	editorial _s
editors	n	editor _s
edits	v	edit _es
eds	n	ed _s
educable	a	educate _able
educated	v	educate _ed
educates	v	educate _es
education	a	educate _ion
education	n	educate _ion
education	v	educate _ion
educational	a	educate _ion _al
educational	n	educate _ion _al
educational	r	educate _ion _al
educational	v	educate _ion _al
educationalists	n	educationalist _s
educationally	r	educate _ion _al _ly
educationists	n	educationist _s
educations	n	educate _ion _s
educators	n	educator _s
educed	v	educe _ed
eels	n	eel _s
eeriest	a	eerie _st
eerily	a	eerie _ly
eerily	r	eerie _ly
eeriness	n	eerie _ness
eeriness	r	eerie _ness
effaced	v	efface _ed
effacement	n	efface _ment
effacement	v	efface _ment
effaces	v	efface _es
effected	v	effect _ed
effecting	v	effect _ing
effectively	a	effect _ive _ly
effectively	r	effect _ive _ly
effectiveness	a	effect _ive _ness
effectiveness	n	effect _ive _ness
effectiveness	r	effect _ive _ness
effectiveness	v	effect _ive _ness
effects	n	effect _s
effects	v	effect _es
effectually	r	effect _al _ly
effectuated	v	effectuate _ed
effed	v	eff _ed
effervesced	v	effervesce _ed
efficacious	a	efficacy _ous
efficiently	r	efficient _ly
efficiently	v	efficient _ly
effing	v	eff _ing
effluents	n	effluent _s
effortless	a	effort _less
effortless	n	effort _less
effortless	r	effort _less
effortlessly	r	effort _less _ly
efforts	n	effort _s
effused	v	effuse _ed
effuses	v	effuse _es
effusions	n	effusion _s
effusively	r	effuse _ive _ly
egalitarians	n	egalitarian _s
eggcups	n	eggcup _s
egged	v	egg _ed
eggheads	n	egghead _s
egging	v	egg _ing
eggplants	n	eggplant _s
eggs	n	egg _s
eggs	v	egg _es
eggshells	n	eggshell _s
egocentricity	n	egocentric _ity
egocentrics	n	egocentric _s
egoistic	a	ego _ism _ist _ic
egoistic	n	ego _ism _ist _ic
egoists	n	egoist _s
egomaniacs	n	egomaniac _s
egos	n	ego _s
egotist	n	ego _ism _ist
egotistic	a	egotism _ist _ic
egotists	n	ego _ism _ist _s
egregiously	r	egregious _ly
egresses	n	egress _s
egrets	n	egret _s
eiderdowns	n	eiderdown _s
eiders	n	eider _s
eighteens	n	eighteen _s
eighths	n	eighth _s
eights	n	eight _s
eisteddfods	n	eisteddfod _s
ejaculated	v	ejaculate _ed
ejaculates	n	ejaculate _s
ejaculates	v	ejaculate _es
ejaculation	n	ejaculate _ion
ejaculations	n	ejaculate _ion _s
ejected	v	eject _ed
ejecting	v	eject _ing
ejections	n	ejection _s
ejectors	n	ejector _s
ejects	v	eject _es
elaborated	v	elaborate _ed
elaborately	r	elaborate _ly
elaborates	v	elaborate _es
elaborations	n	elaboration _s
elands	n	eland _s
elapsed	v	elapse _ed
elapses	v	elapse _es
elasticity	n	elastic _ity
elastics	n	elastic _s
elated	v	elate _ed
elation	n	elate _ion
elbowed	v	elbow _ed
elbowing	v	elbow _ing
elbows	n	elbow _s
elbows	v	elbow _es
elders	n	elder _s
elected	v	elect _ed
electing	v	elect _ing
election	n	elect _ion
electioneering	v	electioneer _ing
elections	n	elect _ion _s
electives	n	elective _s
electoral	a	elector _al
electoral	v	elector _al
electorates	n	electorate _s
electors	n	elector _s
electricians	n	electrician _s
electricity	a	electric _ity
electricity	n	electric _ity
electricity	v	electric _ity
electrics	n	electric _s
electrifying	v	electrify _ing
electrocardiograms	n	electrocardiogram _s
electrocardiographs	n	electrocardiograph _s
electrocuted	v	electrocute _ed
electrocutes	v	electrocute _es
electrocutions	n	electrocution _s
electrodes	n	electrode _s
electroencephalograms	n	electroencephalogram _s
electrolytes	n	electrolyte _s
electromagnetic	a	electromagnet _ic
electromagnets	n	electromagnet _s
electronic	a	electron _ic
electrons	n	electron _s
electroplated	v	electroplate _ed
elects	n	elect _s
elects	v	elect _es
elegantly	r	elegant _ly
elemental	a	element _al
elemental	n	element _al
elemental	v	element _al
elements	n	element _s
elephants	n	elephant _s
elevated	v	elevate _ed
elevates	v	elevate _es
elevation	n	elevate _ion
elevations	n	elevate _ion _s
elevators	n	elevator _s
elevens	n	eleven _s
elevenses	n	eleven _s
elevenths	n	eleventh _s
elicited	v	elicit _ed
eliciting	v	elicit _ing
elicits	v	elicit _es
elided	v	elide _ed
elides	v	elide _es
eligibility	a	eligible _ity
eligibility	n	eligible _ity
eligibility	v	eligible _ity
eliminated	v	eliminate _ed
eliminates	v	eliminate _es
eliminations	n	elimination _s
eliminators	n	eliminator _s
elisions	n	elision _s
elites	n	elite _s
elitists	n	elitist _s
elixirs	n	elixir _s
elks	n	elk _s
ellipsoids	n	ellipsoid _s
elliptic	a	ellipse _ic
elliptically	r	ellipsis _tic _al _ly
ells	n	ell _s
elms	n	elm _s
elongated	v	elongate _ed
elongates	v	elongate _es
elongation	n	elongate _ion
elongations	n	elongate _ion _s
eloped	v	elope _ed
elopement	a	elope _ment
elopement	n	elope _ment
elopements	n	elope _ment _s
elopes	v	elope _es
eloquently	r	eloquent _ly
elucidated	v	elucidate _ed
elucidates	v	elucidate _es
elucidations	n	elucidation _s
eluded	v	elude _ed
eludes	v	elude _es
elusively	r	elusion _ive _ly
elusiveness	n	elusion _ive _ness
elvers	n	elver _s
emaciated	v	emaciate _ed
emailed	v	email _ed
emailing	v	email _ing
emails	n	email _s
emails	v	email _es
emanated	v	emanate _ed
emanates	v	emanate _es
emanations	n	emanation _s
emancipated	v	emancipate _ed
emancipates	v	emancipate _es
emancipators	n	emancipator _s
emasculated	v	emasculate _ed
emasculates	v	emasculate _es
embalmed	v	embalm _ed
embalmer	n	embalm _er
embalmers	n	embalm _er _s
embalming	v	embalm _ing
embalms	v	embalm _es
embanked	v	embank _ed
embanking	v	embank _ing
embankment	a	em_ bank _ment
embankment	n	em_ bank _ment
embankment	v	em_ bank _ment
embankments	n	em_ bank _ment _s
embargoed	v	embargo _ed
embargoes	n	embargo _s
embargoes	v	embargo _es
embargoing	v	embargo _ing
embarkations	n	embarkation _s
embarked	v	embark _ed
embarking	v	embark _ing
embarks	v	embark _es
embarrassed	v	embarrass _ed
embarrasses	v	embarrass _es
embarrassing	v	embarrass _ing
embarrassingly	r	embarrass _ing _ly
embarrassment	a	embarrass _ment
embarrassment	n	embarrass _ment
embarrassment	v	embarrass _ment
embarrassments	n	embarrass _ment _s
embattled	v	embattle _ed
embedded	v	embed _ed
embedding	v	embed _ing
embeds	v	embed _es
embellished	v	embellish _ed
embellishes	v	embellish _es
embellishing	v	embellish _ing
embellishment	n	embellish _ment
embellishment	v	embellish _ment
embellishments	n	embellish _ment _s
embers	n	ember _s
embezzled	v	embezzle _ed
embezzlement	a	embezzle _ment
embezzlement	n	embezzle _ment
embezzlement	v	embezzle _ment
embezzler	n	embezzle _er
embezzlers	n	embezzle _er _s
embezzles	v	embezzle _es
embittered	v	embitter _ed
embittering	v	embitter _ing
embitters	v	embitter _es
emblazoned	v	emblazon _ed
emblazoning	v	emblazon _ing
emblazons	v	emblazon _es
emblems	n	emblem _s
embodiment	n	embody _ment
embodying	v	embody _ing
emboldened	v	embolden _ed
emboldening	v	embolden _ing
emboldens	v	embolden _es
embolisms	n	embolism _s
embossed	v	emboss _ed
embossing	v	emboss _ing
embowered	v	embower _ed
embraced	v	embrace _ed
embraces	n	embrace _s
embraces	v	embrace _es
embrasures	n	embrasure _s
embroidered	v	embroider _ed
embroiderers	n	embroiderer _s
embroidering	v	embroider _ing
embroiders	v	embroider _es
embroiled	v	embroil _ed
embroiling	v	embroil _ing
embroils	v	embroil _es
embryologists	n	embryologist _s
embryonic	a	embryo _ic
embryonic	n	embryo _ic
embryonic	v	embryo _ic
embryos	n	embryo _s
emceed	v	emcee _ed
emceeing	v	emcee _ing
emcees	n	emcee _s
emcees	v	emcee _es
emendations	n	emendation _s
emended	v	emend _ed
emeralds	n	emerald _s
emerged	v	emerge _ed
emerges	v	emerge _es
emetics	n	emetic _s
emfs	n	emf _s
emigrants	n	emigrant _s
emigrated	v	emigrate _ed
emigrates	v	emigrate _es
emigrations	n	emigration _s
emigres	n	emigre _s
eminences	n	eminence _s
eminently	r	eminent _ly
emirates	n	emirate _s
emirs	n	emir _s
emissions	n	emission _s
emits	v	emit _es
emitted	v	emit _ed
emitters	n	emitter _s
emitting	v	emit _ing
emollients	n	emollient _s
emoluments	n	emolument _s
emoted	v	emote _ed
emotes	v	emote _es
emoticons	n	emoticon _s
emotion	n	emote _ion
emotion	v	emote _ion
emotional	a	emote _ion _al
emotional	n	emote _ion _al
emotional	v	emote _ion _al
emotionally	a	emote _ion _al _ly
emotionally	r	emote _ion _al _ly
emotionless	a	emotion _less
emotionless	n	emotion _less
emotions	n	emote _ion _s
emotively	r	emot _ion _ive _ly
empanelled	v	empanel _ed
empathized	v	empathize _ed
empathizes	v	empathize _es
emperors	n	emperor _s
emphasize	n	emphasis _ize
emphasize	o	emphasis _ize
emphasize	v	emphasis _ize
emphasized	v	emphasis _ize _ed
emphasizes	v	emphasis _ize _es
emphatic	a	emphasis _ic
empires	n	empire _s
empirically	r	empiric _al _ly
empiricist	a	empiric _ism _ist
empiricist	n	empiric _ism _ist
empiricist	v	empiric _ism _ist
empiricists	n	empiric _ism _ist _s
emplacements	n	emplacement _s
employable	a	employ _able
employable	n	employ _able
employed	v	employ _ed
employees	n	employee _s
employer	a	employ _er
employer	n	employ _er
employer	v	employ _er
employers	n	employ _er _s
employing	v	employ _ing
employment	n	employ _ment
employments	n	employ _ment _s
employs	n	employ _s
employs	v	employ _es
emporiums	n	emporium _s
empowered	v	empower _ed
empowering	v	empower _ing
empowers	v	empower _es
empresses	n	empress _s
emptiness	a	empty _ness
emptiness	n	empty _ness
emptiness	r	empty _ness
emptiness	v	empty _ness
emptying	v	empty _ing
ems	n	em _s
emulated	v	emulate _ed
emulates	v	emulate _es
emulation	n	emulate _ion
emulation	v	emulate _ion
emulations	n	emulate _ion _s
emulators	n	emulator _s
emulsifiers	n	emulsifier _s
emulsifying	v	emulsify _ing
emulsions	n	emulsion _s
emus	n	emu _s
enable	a	en _able
enable	n	en _able
enable	o	en _able
enable	v	en _able
enabled	v	en _able _ed
enables	v	en _able _es
enacted	v	enact _ed
enacting	v	enact _ing
enactment	a	en_ act _ment
enactment	n	en_ act _ment
enactment	v	en_ act _ment
enactments	n	en_ act _ment _s
enacts	v	enact _es
enamelled	v	enamel _ed
enamelling	v	enamel _ing
enamels	n	enamel _s
enamoured	v	enamour _ed
encamped	v	encamp _ed
encamping	v	encamp _ing
encampment	a	encamp _ment
encampment	n	encamp _ment
encampment	v	encamp _ment
encampments	n	encamp _ment _s
encapsulated	v	encapsulate _ed
encapsulates	v	encapsulate _es
encapsulations	n	encapsulation _s
encased	v	encase _ed
encases	v	encase _es
enchained	v	enchain _ed
enchanted	v	enchant _ed
enchanter	n	enchant _er
enchanters	n	enchant _er _s
enchanting	v	enchant _ing
enchantingly	r	enchant _ing _ly
enchantment	a	enchant _ment
enchantment	n	enchant _ment
enchantment	v	enchant _ment
enchantments	n	enchant _ment _s
enchants	v	enchant _es
enchiladas	n	enchilada _s
enciphering	v	encipher _ing
encircled	v	encircle _ed
encirclement	n	en_ circle _ment
encircles	v	encircle _es
enclaves	n	enclave _s
enclosed	v	enclose _ed
encloses	v	enclose _es
enclosures	n	enclosure _s
encoded	v	encode _ed
encodes	v	encode _es
encomiums	n	encomium _s
encompassed	v	encompass _ed
encompasses	v	encompass _es
encompassing	v	encompass _ing
encored	v	encore _ed
encores	n	encore _s
encores	v	encore _es
encountered	v	encounter _ed
encountering	v	encounter _ing
encounters	n	encounter _s
encounters	v	encounter _es
encouraged	v	encourage _ed
encouragement	a	en_ courage _ment
encouragement	n	en_ courage _ment
encouragement	o	en_ courage _ment
encouragement	v	en_ courage _ment
encouragements	n	en_ courage _ment _s
encourages	v	encourage _es
encouragingly	r	en_ courage _ing _ly
encroached	v	encroach _ed
encroaches	v	encroach _es
encroaching	v	encroach _ing
encroachment	a	encroach _ment
encroachment	n	encroach _ment
encroachments	n	encroach _ment _s
encrustations	n	encrustation _s
encrusted	v	encrust _ed
encrusting	v	encrust _ing
encrypted	v	encrypt _ed
encrypting	v	encrypt _ing
encrypts	v	encrypt _es
encumbered	v	encumber _ed
encumbering	v	encumber _ing
encumbrances	n	encumbrance _s
encyclicals	n	encyclical _s
encyclopedias	n	encyclopedia _s
encyclopedic	a	encyclopedia _ic
endangered	v	endanger _ed
endangering	v	endanger _ing
endangers	v	endanger _es
endeared	v	endear _ed
endearing	v	endear _ing
endearments	n	endearment _s
endears	v	endear _es
endeavoured	v	endeavour _ed
endeavouring	v	endeavour _ing
endeavours	n	endeavour _s
endeavours	v	endeavour _es
ended	v	end _ed
endemics	n	endemic _s
endgames	n	endgame _s
ending	v	end _ing
endings	n	ending _s
endings	v	end _es
endives	n	endive _s
endless	a	end _less
endless	n	end _less
endless	r	end _less
endless	v	end _less
endlessly	r	end _less _ly
endlessly	v	end _less _ly
endocrinologists	n	endocrinologist _s
endorphins	n	endorphin _s
endorsed	v	endorse _ed
endorsement	a	endorse _ment
endorsement	n	endorse _ment
endorsement	v	endorse _ment
endorsements	n	endorse _ment _s
endorsers	n	endorser _s
endorses	v	endorse _es
endoscopes	n	endoscope _s
endowed	v	endow _ed
endowing	v	endow _ing
endowment	a	endow _ment
endowment	n	endow _ment
endowment	v	endow _ment
endowments	n	endow _ment _s
endows	v	endow _es
endpoints	n	endpoint _s
ends	n	end _s
ends	v	end _es
endued	v	endue _ed
endurable	a	endure _able
endured	v	endure _ed
endures	v	endure _es
enemas	n	enema _s
energize	a	energy _ize
energize	n	energy _ize
energize	v	energy _ize
energized	v	energy _ize _ed
energizes	v	energy _ize _es
enervated	v	enervate _ed
enfeebled	v	enfeeble _ed
enfiladed	v	enfilade _ed
enfolded	v	enfold _ed
enfolding	v	enfold _ing
enfolds	v	enfold _es
enforceable	a	en_ force _able
enforceable	n	en_ force _able
enforceable	v	en_ force _able
enforced	v	enforce _ed
enforcement	a	en_ force _ment
enforcement	n	en_ force _ment
enforcement	v	en_ force _ment
enforcers	n	enforcer _s
enforces	v	enforce _es
enfranchised	v	enfranchise _ed
enfranchisement	a	en_ franchise _ment
enfranchisement	n	en_ franchise _ment
enfranchisement	v	en_ franchise _ment
engaged	v	engage _ed
engagement	a	engage _ment
engagement	n	engage _ment
engagement	v	engage _ment
engagements	n	engage _ment _s
engages	v	engage _es
engagingly	r	engage _ing _ly
engendered	v	engender _ed
engendering	v	engender _ing
engenders	v	engender _es
engineered	v	engineer _ed
engineering	v	engineer _ing
engineers	n	engineer _s
engineers	v	engineer _es
engines	n	engine _s
engorged	v	engorge _ed
engrams	n	engram _s
engraved	v	engrave _ed
engraver	n	engrave _er
engraver	r	engrave _er
engravers	n	engrave _er _s
engraves	v	engrave _es
engravings	n	engraving _s
engrossed	v	engross _ed
engrossing	v	engross _ing
engulfed	v	engulf _ed
engulfing	v	engulf _ing
engulfs	v	engulf _es
enhanced	v	enhance _ed
enhancement	a	enhance _ment
enhancement	n	enhance _ment
enhancement	v	enhance _ment
enhancements	n	enhance _ment _s
enhancers	n	enhancer _s
enhances	v	enhance _es
enigmas	n	enigma _s
enigmatic	a	enigma _ic
enjambments	n	enjambment _s
enjoined	v	enjoin _ed
enjoining	v	enjoin _ing
enjoins	v	enjoin _es
enjoyable	a	enjoy _able
enjoyable	n	enjoy _able
enjoyable	v	enjoy _able
enjoyably	r	enjoy _able _ly
enjoyed	v	enjoy _ed
enjoying	v	enjoy _ing
enjoyment	a	enjoy _ment
enjoyment	n	enjoy _ment
enjoyment	v	enjoy _ment
enjoyments	n	enjoy _ment _s
enjoys	v	enjoy _es
enlarged	v	enlarge _ed
enlargement	a	en_ large _ment
enlargement	n	en_ large _ment
enlargement	v	en_ large _ment
enlargements	n	en_ large _ment _s
enlargers	n	enlarger _s
enlarges	v	enlarge _es
enlightened	v	enlighten _ed
enlightening	v	enlighten _ing
enlightenment	a	enlighten _ment
enlightenment	n	enlighten _ment
enlightenment	v	enlighten _ment
enlightens	v	enlighten _es
enlisted	v	enlist _ed
enlistees	n	enlistee _s
enlisting	v	enlist _ing
enlistment	n	enlist _ment
enlistments	n	enlist _ment _s
enlists	v	enlist _es
enlivened	v	enliven _ed
enlivening	v	enliven _ing
enlivens	v	enliven _es
enmeshed	v	enmesh _ed
enmeshes	v	enmesh _es
enmeshing	v	enmesh _ing
ennobled	v	ennoble _ed
ennoblement	n	ennoble _ment
ennoblement	v	ennoble _ment
ennobles	v	ennoble _es
enormous	a	enormity _ous
enormously	r	enormity _ous _ly
enquirers	n	enquirer _s
enraged	v	enrage _ed
enrages	v	enrage _es
enraptured	v	enrapture _ed
enraptures	v	enrapture _es
enriched	v	enrich _ed
enriches	v	enrich _es
enriching	v	enrich _ing
enrichment	a	enrich _ment
enrichment	n	enrich _ment
enrichment	v	enrich _ment
enrolled	v	enrol _ed
enrolling	v	enrol _ing
enrolment	a	enrol _ment
enrolment	n	enrol _ment
enrolment	v	enrol _ment
enrolments	n	enrol _ment _s
enrols	v	enrol _es
ens	n	en _s
ensconced	v	ensconce _ed
ensconces	v	ensconce _es
ensembles	n	ensemble _s
enshrined	v	enshrine _ed
enshrines	v	enshrine _es
enshrouded	v	enshroud _ed
enshrouding	v	enshroud _ing
enshrouds	v	enshroud _es
ensigns	n	ensign _s
enslaved	v	enslave _ed
enslavement	a	en_ slave _ment
enslavement	n	en_ slave _ment
enslaves	v	enslave _es
ensnared	v	ensnare _ed
ensnares	v	ensnare _es
ensued	v	ensue _ed
ensues	v	ensue _es
ensured	v	ensure _ed
ensures	v	ensure _es
entailed	v	entail _ed
entailing	v	entail _ing
entails	n	entail _s
entails	v	entail _es
entangled	v	entangle _ed
entanglement	a	entangle _ment
entanglement	n	entangle _ment
entanglement	v	entangle _ment
entanglements	n	entangle _ment _s
entangles	v	entangle _es
ententes	n	entente _s
entered	v	enter _ed
entering	v	enter _ing
enterprises	n	enterprise _s
enterprisingly	r	enterprise _ing _ly
enters	v	enter _es
entertained	v	entertain _ed
entertainer	a	entertain _er
entertainer	n	entertain _er
entertainer	r	entertain _er
entertainer	v	entertain _er
entertainers	n	entertain _er _s
entertaining	v	entertain _ing
entertainingly	r	entertain _ing _ly
entertainment	n	entertain _ment
entertainments	n	entertain _ment _s
entertains	v	entertain _es
enthralled	v	enthral _ed
enthralling	v	enthral _ing
enthralls	v	enthrall _es
enthroned	v	enthrone _ed
enthronement	n	enthrone _ment
enthronements	n	enthrone _ment _s
enthrones	v	enthrone _es
enthused	v	enthuse _ed
enthuses	v	enthuse _es
enthusiasms	n	enthusiasm _s
enthusiastic	a	enthusiast _ic
enthusiastic	v	enthusiast _ic
enthusiasts	n	enthusiast _s
enticed	v	entice _ed
enticement	n	entice _ment
enticements	n	entice _ment _s
entices	v	entice _es
entirely	a	entire _ly
entirely	r	entire _ly
entitled	v	entitle _ed
entitlement	a	entitle _ment
entitlement	n	entitle _ment
entitlement	v	entitle _ment
entitlements	n	entitle _ment _s
entitles	v	entitle _es
entombed	v	entomb _ed
entombing	v	entomb _ing
entombment	n	entomb _ment
entombs	v	entomb _es
entomologists	n	entomologist _s
entourages	n	entourage _s
entrained	v	entrain _ed
entranced	v	entrance _ed
entrances	n	entrance _s
entrances	v	entrance _es
entrants	n	entrant _s
entrapment	a	entrap _ment
entrapment	n	entrap _ment
entrapped	v	entrap _ed
entrapping	v	entrap _ing
entraps	v	entrap _es
entreated	v	entreat _ed
entreating	v	entreat _ing
entreats	v	entreat _es
entrees	n	entree _s
entrenched	v	entrench _ed
entrenches	v	entrench _es
entrenching	v	entrench _ing
entrenchment	a	entrench _ment
entrenchment	n	entrench _ment
entrenchment	v	entrench _ment
entrenchments	n	entrench _ment _s
entrepreneurs	n	entrepreneur _s
entrusted	v	entrust _ed
entrusting	v	entrust _ing
entrusts	v	entrust _es
entryways	n	entryway _s
entwined	v	entwine _ed
entwines	v	entwine _es
enumerated	v	enumerate _ed
enumerates	v	enumerate _es
enumerations	n	enumeration _s
enumerators	n	enumerator _s
enunciated	v	enunciate _ed
enunciates	v	enunciate _es
enunciation	n	enunciate _ion
enveloped	v	envelop _ed
envelopes	n	envelope _s
envelopes	v	envelop _es
enveloping	v	envelop _ing
envelopment	n	envelop _ment
envelops	v	envelop _es
envenomed	v	envenom _ed
envenoming	v	envenom _ing
enviable	a	envy _able
enviable	v	envy _able
enviably	r	envy _able _ly
envious	a	envy _ous
enviously	r	envy _ous _ly
environment	n	environ _ment
environmental	a	environ _ment _al
environmentalist	a	environment _ism _ist
environmentalist	n	environment _ism _ist
environmentalist	v	environment _ism _ist
environmentalists	n	environment _ism _ist _s
environmentally	r	environ _ment _al _ly
environments	n	environ _ment _s
envisaged	v	envisage _ed
envisages	v	envisage _es
envisioned	v	envision _ed
envisioning	v	envision _ing
envisions	v	envision _es
envoys	n	envoy _s
envying	v	envy _ing
enzymes	n	enzyme _s
eons	n	eon _s
eosinophils	n	eosinophil _s
epaulettes	n	epaulette _s
epicentres	n	epicentre _s
epics	n	epic _s
epicureans	n	epicurean _s
epicures	n	epicure _s
epidemics	n	epidemic _s
epidemiologists	n	epidemiologist _s
epidurals	n	epidural _s
epigrams	n	epigram _s
epigraphs	n	epigraph _s
epileptic	a	epilepsy _ic
epileptic	n	epilepsy _ic
epileptics	n	epilepsy _ic _s
epilogues	n	epilogue _s
episcopal	a	episcopacy _al
episcopal	n	episcopacy _al
episcopal	v	episcopacy _al
episodes	n	episode _s
episodic	a	episode _ic
episodic	n	episode _ic
epistles	n	epistle _s
epitaphs	n	epitaph _s
epithets	n	epithet _s
epitomes	n	epitome _s
epitomize	v	epitome _ize
epitomized	v	epitome _ize _ed
epitomizes	v	epitome _ize _es
epochs	n	epoch _s
eponymous	a	eponym _ous
epsilons	n	epsilon _s
equable	a	equate _able
equably	r	equate _able _ly
equality	n	equal _ity
equality	v	equal _ity
equalize	v	equal _ize
equalized	v	equal _ize _ed
equalizers	n	equalizer _s
equalizes	v	equal _ize _es
equalled	v	equal _ed
equalling	v	equal _ing
equally	r	equal _ly
equals	n	equal _s
equals	v	equal _es
equated	v	equate _ed
equates	v	equate _es
equations	n	equation _s
equators	n	equator _s
equestrians	n	equestrian _s
equines	n	equine _s
equinoxes	n	equinox _s
equipment	n	equip _ment
equipped	v	equip _ed
equipping	v	equip _ing
equips	v	equip _es
equitably	r	equit _able _ly
equivalences	n	equivalence _s
equivalently	r	equivalent _ly
equivalents	n	equivalent _s
equivocally	r	equivocal _ly
equivocated	v	equivocate _ed
equivocates	v	equivocate _es
equivocation	n	equivocate _ion
equivocations	n	equivocate _ion _s
eradicated	v	eradicate _ed
eradicates	v	eradicate _es
eradication	a	eradicate _ion
eradication	n	eradicate _ion
eradication	v	eradicate _ion
eradicators	n	eradicator _s
eras	n	era _s
erased	v	erase _ed
eraser	a	erase _er
eraser	n	erase _er
erasers	n	erase _er _s
erases	n	era _s
erases	v	erase _es
erasures	n	erasure _s
erected	v	erect _ed
erecting	v	erect _ing
erection	n	erect _ion
erections	n	erect _ion _s
erects	v	erect _es
eremites	n	eremite _s
ergs	n	erg _s
ermines	n	ermine _s
eroded	v	erode _ed
erodes	v	erode _es
erotics	n	erotic _s
errands	n	errand _s
erred	v	err _ed
erring	v	err _ing
erroneously	r	err _eous _ly
errors	n	error _s
errs	v	err _es
eructations	n	eructation _s
erupted	v	erupt _ed
erupting	v	erupt _ing
eruptions	n	eruption _s
erupts	v	erupt _es
erythrocytes	n	erythrocyte _s
es	n	e _s
escalated	v	escalate _ed
escalates	v	escalate _es
escalations	n	escalation _s
escalators	n	escalator _s
escallops	n	escallop _s
escapades	n	escapade _s
escaped	v	escape _ed
escapees	n	escapee _s
escapees	v	escape _es
escapement	a	escape _ment
escapement	n	escape _ment
escapements	n	escape _ment _s
escapes	n	escape _s
escapes	v	escape _es
escapist	a	escape _ism _ist
escapist	n	escape _ism _ist
escapist	v	escape _ism _ist
escapists	n	escape _ism _ist _s
escapologist	n	escapology _ist
escapologists	n	escapology _ist _s
escargots	n	escargot _s
escarpments	n	escarpment _s
eschewed	v	eschew _ed
eschewing	v	eschew _ing
eschews	v	eschew _es
escorted	v	escort _ed
escorting	v	escort _ing
escorts	n	escort _s
escorts	v	escort _es
escrows	n	escrow _s
escudos	n	escudo _s
escutcheons	n	escutcheon _s
espadrilles	n	espadrille _s
espaliers	n	espalier _s
especially	r	especial _ly
esplanades	n	esplanade _s
espoused	v	espouse _ed
espouses	v	espouse _es
espressos	n	espresso _s
esquires	n	esquire _s
essayed	v	essay _ed
essaying	v	essay _ing
essayists	n	essayist _s
essays	n	essay _s
essays	v	essay _es
essences	n	essence _s
essentially	a	essence _al _ly
essentially	r	essence _al _ly
essentials	n	essential _s
established	v	establish _ed
establishes	v	establish _es
establishing	v	establish _ing
establishment	a	establish _ment
establishment	n	establish _ment
establishment	v	establish _ment
establishments	n	establish _ment _s
estates	n	estate _s
esteemed	v	esteem _ed
esteeming	v	esteem _ing
esteems	n	esteem _s
esteems	v	esteem _es
esters	n	ester _s
estimable	a	estimate _able
estimated	v	estimate _ed
estimates	n	estimate _s
estimates	v	estimate _es
estimations	n	estimation _s
estimators	n	estimator _s
estranged	v	estrange _ed
estrangement	a	estrange _ment
estrangement	n	estrange _ment
estrangements	n	estrange _ment _s
estranges	v	estrange _es
etas	n	eta _s
etched	v	etch _ed
etcher	n	etch _er
etchers	n	etch _er _s
etches	v	etch _es
etching	v	etch _ing
etchings	n	etching _s
etchings	v	etch _es
eternally	r	eternal _ly
eternity	n	eternal _ity
ethereal	a	ether _al
ethereal	n	ether _al
ethereal	r	ether _al
ethereal	v	ether _al
ethereally	r	ether _al _ly
ethical	a	ethic _al
ethical	n	ethic _al
ethical	v	ethic _al
ethically	r	ethic _al _ly
ethics	n	ethic _s
ethnics	n	ethnic _s
ethnographers	n	ethnographer _s
ethnographic	a	ethnography _ic
ethnographic	v	ethnography _ic
ethnologists	n	ethnologist _s
ethologists	n	ethologist _s
etiolated	v	etiolate _ed
etudes	n	etude _s
etymologically	r	etymology _ic _al _ly
etymologists	n	etymologist _s
eukaryotes	n	eukaryote _s
eulogistic	a	eulogy _ist _ic
eulogists	n	eulogist _s
eulogize	v	eulogy _ize
eulogized	v	eulogy _ize _ed
eulogizes	v	eulogy _ize _es
eunuchs	n	eunuch _s
euphemisms	n	euphemism _s
euphemistic	a	euphemism _ic
euphonious	a	euphony _ous
euphoric	a	euphoria _ic
euphoric	n	euphoria _ic
euphoric	r	euphoria _ic
euros	n	euro _s
evacuated	v	evacuate _ed
evacuates	v	evacuate _es
evacuation	n	evacuate _ion
evacuation	v	evacuate _ion
evacuations	n	evacuate _ion _s
evacuees	n	evacuee _s
evaded	v	evade _ed
evades	v	evade _es
evaluated	v	evaluate _ed
evaluates	v	evaluate _es
evaluation	n	evaluate _ion
evaluation	o	evaluate _ion
evaluation	v	evaluate _ion
evaluations	n	evaluate _ion _s
evaluators	n	evaluator _s
evangelic	a	evangel _ic
evangelistic	a	evangel _ist _ic
evangelists	n	evangelist _s
evangelize	v	evangel _ize
evangelized	v	evangel _ize _ed
evangelizes	v	evangel _ize _es
evaporated	v	evaporate _ed
evaporates	v	evaporate _es
evaporation	n	evaporate _ion
evasion	n	evade _ion
evasions	n	evade _ion _s
evasively	r	evasion _ive _ly
evasiveness	n	evasive _ness
evened	v	even _ed
evening	v	even _ing
evenings	n	evening _s
evenings	v	even _es
evenly	a	even _ly
evenly	r	even _ly
evenness	a	even _ness
evenness	n	even _ness
evens	n	even _s
evens	v	even _es
eventful	a	event _ful
eventful	v	event _ful
events	n	event _s
eventuality	n	event _al _ity
eventually	r	event _al _ly
eventuated	v	eventuate _ed
eventuates	v	eventuate _es
evergreens	n	evergreen _s
everlastingly	r	everlast _ing _ly
eves	n	eve _s
evicted	v	evict _ed
evicting	v	evict _ing
evictions	n	eviction _s
evicts	v	evict _es
evidenced	v	evidence _ed
evidences	n	evidence _s
evidences	v	evidence _es
evidently	a	evident _ly
evidently	r	evident _ly
evidently	v	evident _ly
evildoers	n	evildoer _s
evilly	r	evil _ly
evils	n	evil _s
evinced	v	evince _ed
evinces	v	evince _es
eviscerated	v	eviscerate _ed
eviscerates	v	eviscerate _es
evocations	n	evocation _s
evoked	v	evoke _ed
evokes	v	evoke _es
evolutionists	n	evolutionist _s
evolved	v	evolve _ed
evolves	v	evolve _es
ewers	n	ewer _s
ewes	n	ewe _s
exabytes	n	exabyte _s
exacerbated	v	exacerbate _ed
exacerbates	v	exacerbate _es
exacerbation	n	exacerbate _ion
exacted	v	exact _ed
exacting	v	exact _ing
exaction	n	exact _ion
exactly	r	exact _ly
exactly	v	exact _ly
exactness	n	exact _ness
exacts	v	exact _es
exaggerated	v	exaggerate _ed
exaggeratedly	r	exaggerate ed _ly
exaggerates	v	exaggerate _es
exaggerations	n	exaggeration _s
exalted	v	exalt _ed
exalting	v	exalt _ing
exalts	v	exalt _es
examinations	n	examination _s
examined	v	examine _ed
examiner	n	examine _er
examiner	o	examine _er
examiners	n	examine _er _s
examines	v	examine _es
examples	n	example _s
exams	n	exam _s
exasperated	v	exasperate _ed
exasperates	v	exasperate _es
excavated	v	excavate _ed
excavates	v	excavate _es
excavation	a	excavate _ion
excavation	n	excavate _ion
excavation	v	excavate _ion
excavations	n	excavate _ion _s
excavators	n	excavator _s
exceeded	v	exceed _ed
exceeding	v	exceed _ing
exceeds	v	exceed _es
excelled	v	excel _ed
excellently	r	excellent _ly
excelling	v	excel _ing
excels	v	excel _es
excepted	v	except _ed
excepting	v	except _ing
exceptional	a	except _ion _al
exceptional	n	except _ion _al
exceptional	v	except _ion _al
exceptionally	a	except _ion _al _ly
exceptionally	r	except _ion _al _ly
exceptions	n	exception _s
excerpted	v	excerpt _ed
excerpting	v	excerpt _ing
excerpts	n	excerpt _s
excerpts	v	excerpt _es
excesses	n	excess _s
excessively	a	excess _ive _ly
excessively	r	excess _ive _ly
exchangeable	a	exchange _able
exchanged	v	exchange _ed
exchanges	n	exchange _s
exchanges	v	exchange _es
exchequers	n	exchequer _s
excised	v	excise _ed
excises	n	excise _s
excises	v	excise _es
excision	n	excise _ion
excisions	n	excise _ion _s
excitability	n	excite _able _ity
excitable	a	excite _able
excited	v	excite _ed
excitedly	a	excit _ed _ly
excitedly	r	excit _ed _ly
excitement	a	excite _ment
excitement	n	excite _ment
excitement	v	excite _ment
excitements	n	excite _ment _s
excites	v	excite _es
excitingly	r	excite _ing _ly
exclaimed	v	exclaim _ed
exclaiming	v	exclaim _ing
exclaims	v	exclaim _es
exclamations	n	exclamation _s
excluded	v	exclude _ed
excludes	v	exclude _es
exclusion	n	exclude _ion
exclusions	n	exclude _ion _s
exclusively	a	exclusive _ly
exclusively	r	exclusive _ly
exclusiveness	n	exclusive _ness
exclusiveness	v	exclusive _ness
exclusives	n	exclusive _s
excommunicated	v	excommunicate _ed
excommunicates	v	excommunicate _es
excommunication	n	ex_ communicate _ion
excommunications	n	ex_ communicate _ion _s
excoriated	v	excoriate _ed
excoriates	v	excoriate _es
excoriations	n	excoriation _s
excrement	a	excrete _ment
excrement	n	excrete _ment
excrement	v	excrete _ment
excrescences	n	excrescence _s
excreted	v	excrete _ed
excretes	v	excrete _es
excretions	n	excretion _s
excruciatingly	r	excruciate _ing _ly
exculpated	v	exculpate _ed
exculpates	v	exculpate _es
exculpation	n	exculpate _ion
excursionist	n	excursion _ist
excursionists	n	excursion _ist _s
excursions	n	excursion _s
excusable	a	excuse _able
excused	v	excuse _ed
excuses	n	excuse _s
excuses	v	excuse _es
execrable	a	execrate _able
execrated	v	execrate _ed
execrates	v	execrate _es
execs	n	exec _s
executed	v	execute _ed
executes	v	execute _es
execution	n	execute _ion
execution	v	execute _ion
executioners	n	executioner _s
executions	n	execute _ion _s
executives	n	executive _s
executors	n	executor _s
exemplars	n	exemplar _s
exemplifications	n	exemplification _s
exemplifying	v	exemplify _ing
exempted	v	exempt _ed
exempting	v	exempt _ing
exemption	n	exempt _ion
exemption	v	exempt _ion
exemptions	n	exempt _ion _s
exempts	v	exempt _es
exercised	v	exercise _ed
exercisers	n	exerciser _s
exercises	n	exercise _s
exercises	v	exercise _es
exerted	v	exert _ed
exerting	v	exert _ing
exertions	n	exertion _s
exerts	v	exert _es
exes	n	ex _s
exfoliated	v	exfoliate _ed
exfoliates	v	exfoliate _es
exhalations	n	exhalation _s
exhaled	v	exhale _ed
exhales	v	exhale _es
exhausted	v	exhaust _ed
exhausting	v	exhaust _ing
exhaustively	r	ex_ haust _ive _ly
exhausts	n	exhaust _s
exhausts	v	exhaust _es
exhibited	v	exhibit _ed
exhibiting	v	exhibit _ing
exhibitionist	a	exhibition _ism _ist
exhibitionist	n	exhibition _ism _ist
exhibitionists	n	exhibition _ism _ist _s
exhibitions	n	exhibition _s
exhibitors	n	exhibitor _s
exhibits	n	exhibit _s
exhibits	v	exhibit _es
exhilarated	v	exhilarate _ed
exhilarates	v	exhilarate _es
exhilaration	n	ex_ hilary _ate _ion
exhortations	n	exhortation _s
exhorted	v	exhort _ed
exhorting	v	exhort _ing
exhorts	v	exhort _es
exhumations	n	exhumation _s
exhumed	v	exhume _ed
exhumes	v	exhume _es
exiled	v	exile _ed
exiles	n	exile _s
exiles	v	exile _es
existed	v	exist _ed
existences	n	existence _s
existentialists	n	existentialist _s
existing	v	exist _ing
exists	v	exist _es
exited	v	exit _ed
exiting	v	exit _ing
exits	n	exit _s
exits	v	exit _es
exoduses	n	exodus _s
exonerated	v	exonerate _ed
exonerates	v	exonerate _es
exoneration	n	exonerate _ion
exons	n	exon _s
exorbitantly	r	ex_ orbit _ant _ly
exorcised	v	exorcise _ed
exorcises	v	exorcise _es
exorcisms	n	exorcism _s
exorcist	a	exorce _ism _ist
exorcist	n	exorce _ism _ist
exorcists	n	exorce _ism _ist _s
exoskeletons	n	exoskeleton _s
exospheres	n	exosphere _s
expandable	a	expand _able
expandable	n	expand _able
expanded	v	expand _ed
expanding	v	expand _ing
expands	v	expand _es
expanses	n	expanse _s
expansion	n	expand _ion
expansions	n	expand _ion _s
expansively	r	expanse _ive _ly
expansiveness	a	expanse _ive _ness
expansiveness	n	expanse _ive _ness
expatiated	v	expatiate _ed
expatriated	v	expatriate _ed
expatriates	n	expatriate _s
expatriates	v	expatriate _es
expats	n	expat _s
expectantly	r	expect _ant _ly
expectations	n	expectation _s
expected	v	expect _ed
expecting	v	expect _ing
expectorants	n	expectorant _s
expectorated	v	expectorate _ed
expects	v	expect _es
expediently	r	expedient _ly
expedients	n	expedient _s
expedited	v	expedite _ed
expedites	v	expedite _es
expeditions	n	expedition _s
expeditious	a	expedite _ion _ous
expeditiously	r	expedite _ion _ous _ly
expelled	v	expel _ed
expelling	v	expel _ing
expels	v	expel _es
expendable	a	expend _able
expendable	n	expend _able
expended	v	expend _ed
expending	v	expend _ing
expenditures	n	expenditure _s
expends	v	expend _es
expenses	n	expense _s
expensively	a	expense _ive _ly
expensively	r	expense _ive _ly
experienced	v	experience _ed
experiences	n	experience _s
experiences	v	experience _es
experimental	a	experiment _al
experimental	n	experiment _al
experimental	v	experiment _al
experimentally	r	experiment _al _ly
experimented	v	experiment _ed
experimenters	n	experimenter _s
experimenting	v	experiment _ing
experiments	n	experiment _s
experiments	v	experiment _es
expertly	r	expert _ly
experts	n	expert _s
expiated	v	expiate _ed
expired	v	expire _ed
expires	v	expire _es
explained	v	explain _ed
explaining	v	explain _ing
explains	v	explain _es
explanations	n	explanation _s
expletives	n	expletive _s
explicable	a	explain _able
explicated	v	explicate _ed
explicates	v	explicate _es
explications	n	explication _s
explicitly	a	explicit _ly
explicitly	r	explicit _ly
explicitness	a	explicit _ness
explicitness	n	explicit _ness
explicitness	r	explicit _ness
exploded	v	explode _ed
explodes	v	explode _es
exploited	v	exploit _ed
exploiter	n	exploit _er
exploiters	n	exploit _er _s
exploiting	v	exploit _ing
exploits	n	exploit _s
exploits	v	exploit _es
explorations	n	exploration _s
explored	v	explore _ed
explorer	a	explore _er
explorer	n	explore _er
explorer	v	explore _er
explorers	n	explore _er _s
explores	v	explore _es
explosions	n	explosion _s
explosively	r	explosive _ly
explosiveness	n	explosive _ness
explosives	n	explosive _s
exponents	n	exponent _s
exportable	a	export _able
exported	v	export _ed
exporter	n	export _er
exporters	n	export _er _s
exporting	v	export _ing
exports	n	export _s
exports	v	export _es
expos	n	expo _s
exposed	v	expose _ed
exposes	n	expose _s
exposes	v	expose _es
expositions	n	exposition _s
expositors	n	expositor _s
expostulated	v	expostulate _ed
expostulates	v	expostulate _es
expostulations	n	expostulation _s
exposures	n	exposure _s
expounded	v	expound _ed
expounding	v	expound _ing
expounds	v	expound _es
expressed	v	express _ed
expresses	n	express _s
expresses	v	express _es
expressing	v	express _ing
expression	a	express _ion
expression	n	express _ion
expression	v	express _ion
expressionists	n	expressionist _s
expressionless	a	express _ion _less
expressionless	n	express _ion _less
expressionless	r	express _ion _less
expressions	n	express _ion _s
expressively	r	express _ive _ly
expressiveness	n	express _ive _ness
expressly	r	express _ly
expressways	n	expressway _s
expropriated	v	expropriate _ed
expropriates	v	expropriate _es
expropriation	n	expropriate _ion
expropriation	v	expropriate _ion
expropriations	n	expropriate _ion _s
expulsion	n	expel _ion
expulsion	v	expel _ion
expulsions	n	expel _ion _s
expunged	v	expunge _ed
expunges	v	expunge _es
expurgated	v	expurgate _ed
expurgations	n	expurgation _s
exquisitely	r	exquisite _ly
exquisiteness	n	exquisite _ness
extemporaneously	r	extemporaneous _ly
extemporized	v	extemporize _ed
extended	v	extend _ed
extending	v	extend _ing
extends	v	extend _es
extensions	n	extension _s
extensively	r	extend _ive _ly
extensiveness	n	extense _ive _ness
extents	n	extent _s
extenuated	v	extenuate _ed
exteriors	n	exterior _s
exterminated	v	exterminate _ed
exterminates	v	exterminate _es
extermination	n	exterminate _ion
exterminations	n	exterminate _ion _s
exterminators	n	exterminator _s
externalized	v	externalize _ed
externalizes	v	externalize _es
externally	r	extern _al _ly
externals	n	external _s
extinctions	n	extinction _s
extinguished	v	extinguish _ed
extinguisher	n	extinguish _er
extinguisher	o	extinguish _er
extinguisher	r	extinguish _er
extinguishers	n	extinguish _er _s
extinguishes	v	extinguish _es
extinguishing	v	extinguish _ing
extirpated	v	extirpate _ed
extolled	v	extol _ed
extolling	v	extol _ing
extols	v	extol _es
extorted	v	extort _ed
extorting	v	extort _ing
extortionately	r	extort _ion _ate _ly
extortioners	n	extortioner _s
extortionist	n	extort _ion _ist
extortionists	n	extort _ion _ist _s
extorts	v	extort _es
extracted	v	extract _ed
extracting	v	extract _ing
extraction	n	extract _ion
extraction	v	extract _ion
extractions	n	extract _ion _s
extractors	n	extractor _s
extracts	n	extract _s
extracts	v	extract _es
extradited	v	extradite _ed
extradites	v	extradite _es
extradition	n	extradite _ion
extradition	v	extradite _ion
extraditions	n	extradite _ion _s
extraordinarily	a	extra_ ordernary _ly
extraordinarily	n	extra_ ordernary _ly
extraordinarily	r	extra_ ordernary _ly
extrapolated	v	extrapolate _ed
extrapolates	v	extrapolate _es
extrapolations	n	extrapolation _s
extras	n	extra _s
extraterrestrials	n	extraterrestrial _s
extravagances	n	extravagance _s
extravagantly	r	extravagant _ly
extravaganzas	n	extravaganza _s
extremely	r	extreme _ly
extremes	n	extreme _s
extremest	a	extreme _st
extremist	a	extreme _ism _ist
extremist	n	extreme _ism _ist
extremist	v	extreme _ism _ist
extremists	n	extreme _ism _ist _s
extremity	n	extreme _ity
extricated	v	extricate _ed
extricates	v	extricate _es
extrication	n	extricate _ion
extroverts	n	extrovert _s
extruded	v	extrude _ed
extrudes	v	extrude _es
extrusions	n	extrusion _s
exuberantly	r	exuberant _ly
exuded	v	exude _ed
exudes	v	exude _es
exultantly	r	exultant _ly
exulted	v	exult _ed
exulting	v	exult _ing
exults	v	exult _es
eyeballed	v	eyeball _ed
eyeballing	v	eyeball _ing
eyeballs	n	eyeball _s
eyeballs	v	eyeball _es
eyebrows	n	eyebrow _s
eyed	v	eye _ed
eyeglasses	n	eyeglass _s
eyeing	v	eye _ing
eyelashes	n	eyelash _s
eyeless	a	eye _less
eyeless	n	eye _less
eyelets	n	eyelet _s
eyelids	n	eyelid _s
eyeliners	n	eyeliner _s
eyepieces	n	eyepiece _s
eyes	n	eye _s
eyes	v	eye _es
eyesores	n	eyesore _s
eyewitnesses	n	eyewitness _s
eyewitnesses	v	eyewitness _es
fables	n	fable _s
fabricated	v	fabricate _ed
fabricates	v	fabricate _es
fabrications	n	fabrication _s
fabricators	n	fabricator _s
fabrics	n	fabric _s
fabulously	r	fable _ous _ly
facades	n	facade _s
faced	v	face _ed
faceless	a	face _less
faceless	n	face _less
faceless	r	face _less
faceless	v	face _less
faces	n	face _s
faces	v	face _es
facetiously	r	facetious _ly
facetiousness	a	facetious _ness
facetiousness	n	facetious _ness
facets	n	facet _s
facially	r	face _al _ly
facials	n	facial _s
facilitated	v	facilitate _ed
facilitates	v	facilitate _es
facilitators	n	facilitator _s
facility	n	facile _ity
facings	n	facing _s
facsimiles	n	facsimile _s
factions	n	faction _s
factious	a	faction _ous
factoids	n	factoid _s
factored	v	factor _ed
factorials	n	factorial _s
factoring	v	factor _ing
factors	n	factor _s
factotums	n	factotum _s
facts	n	fact _s
factually	r	fact _al _ly
faddists	n	faddist _s
faddy	a	fad _y
faddy	n	fad _y
faddy	v	fad _y
faded	v	fade _ed
fades	n	fade _s
fades	v	fade _es
fads	n	fad _s
fagged	v	fag _ed
fagging	v	fag _ing
faggots	n	faggot _s
faggots	v	faggot _es
fags	n	fag _s
fags	v	fag _es
failed	v	fail _ed
failing	v	fail _ing
failings	n	failing _s
failings	v	fail _es
fails	v	fail _es
failures	n	failure _s
fainted	v	faint _ed
fainter	a	faint _er
faintest	a	faint _est
fainting	v	faint _ing
faintly	a	faint _ly
faintly	r	faint _ly
faintness	a	faint _ness
faintness	n	faint _ness
faints	n	faint _s
faints	v	faint _es
fairer	a	fair _er
fairest	a	fair _est
fairgrounds	n	fairground _s
fairing	v	fair _ing
fairings	v	fair _es
fairly	r	fair _ly
fairness	a	fair _ness
fairness	n	fair _ness
fairness	v	fair _ness
fairs	n	fair _s
fairs	v	fair _es
fairways	n	fairway _s
fairylands	n	fairyland _s
faithful	a	faith _ful
faithful	n	faith _ful
faithful	v	faith _ful
faithfully	n	faith _ful _ly
faithfully	r	faith _ful _ly
faithfulness	a	faith _ful _ness
faithfulness	n	faith _ful _ness
faithfulness	v	faith _ful _ness
faithfuls	n	faith _ful _s
faithless	a	faith _less
faithless	n	faith _less
faithless	r	faith _less
faithlessness	n	faith _less _ness
faithlessness	r	faith _less _ness
faiths	n	faith _s
faked	v	fake _ed
faker	n	fake _er
fakers	n	fake _er _s
fakes	n	fake _s
fakes	v	fake _es
falconers	n	falconer _s
falcons	n	falcon _s
fallacious	a	fallacy _ous
fallen	v	fall _en
fallibility	n	fall _ible _ity
fallibility	v	fall _ible _ity
falling	v	fall _ing
falloffs	n	falloff _s
fallows	n	fallow _s
falls	n	fall _s
falls	v	fall _es
falsehoods	n	falsehood _s
falsely	r	false _ly
falseness	a	false _ness
falseness	n	false _ness
falsest	a	false _st
falsettos	n	falsetto _s
falsies	n	falsie _s
falsifications	n	falsification _s
falsifiers	n	falsifier _s
falsifying	v	falsify _ing
falsity	n	false _ity
faltered	v	falter _ed
faltering	v	falter _ing
falters	n	falter _s
falters	v	falter _es
familial	a	family _al
familial	n	family _al
familiarity	n	familiar _ity
familiarity	v	familiar _ity
familiarize	v	familiar _ize
familiarized	v	familiar _ize _ed
familiarizes	v	familiar _ize _es
familiarly	a	familiar _ly
familiarly	r	familiar _ly
familiars	n	familiar _s
famines	n	famine _s
famished	v	famish _ed
famishing	v	famish _ing
famous	a	fame _ous
famous	n	fame _ous
famous	v	fame _ous
famously	r	fame _ous _ly
fanatical	a	fanatic _al
fanatically	r	fan _ate _ic _al _ly
fanatics	n	fanatic _s
fancier	a	fancy _er
fancier	n	fancy _er
fanciers	n	fancy _er _s
fanciful	a	fancy _ful
fanciful	n	fancy _ful
fancifully	r	fancy _ful _ly
fancying	v	fancy _ing
fandangos	n	fandango _s
fanfares	n	fanfare _s
fangs	n	fang _s
fanlights	n	fanlight _s
fanned	v	fan _ed
fanning	v	fan _ing
fans	n	fan _s
fans	v	fan _es
fantails	n	fantail _s
fantasias	n	fantasia _s
fantasists	n	fantasist _s
fantasized	v	fantasize _ed
fantasizes	v	fantasize _es
fantastic	a	fantasy _ic
fantastic	n	fantasy _ic
farces	n	farce _s
farces	v	farce _es
farcically	r	farce _ic _al _ly
fared	v	fare _ed
fares	n	fare _s
fares	v	fare _es
farewells	n	farewell _s
farmed	v	farm _ed
farmer	a	farm _er
farmer	n	farm _er
farmer	r	farm _er
farmer	v	farm _er
farmers	n	farm _er _s
farmhands	n	farmhand _s
farmhouses	n	farmhouse _s
farming	v	farm _ing
farmings	n	farming _s
farmlands	n	farmland _s
farms	n	farm _s
farms	v	farm _es
farmsteads	n	farmstead _s
farmyards	n	farmyard _s
farragoes	n	farrago _s
farriers	n	farrier _s
farrowed	v	farrow _ed
farrowing	v	farrow _ing
farrows	n	farrow _s
farsightedness	n	farsight _ed _ness
farted	v	fart _ed
farther	r	far _ther
farthings	n	farthing _s
farting	v	fart _ing
farts	n	fart _s
farts	v	fart _es
fascias	n	fascia _s
fascicles	n	fascicle _s
fascinated	v	fascinate _ed
fascinates	v	fascinate _es
fascinatingly	r	fascinate _ing _ly
fascination	a	fascinate _ion
fascination	n	fascinate _ion
fascinations	n	fascinate _ion _s
fascist	a	fascism _ist
fascist	n	fascism _ist
fascist	v	fascism _ist
fascists	n	fascism _ist _s
fashionable	a	fashion _able
fashionable	n	fashion _able
fashionable	r	fashion _able
fashionably	a	fashion _able _ly
fashionably	r	fashion _able _ly
fashioned	v	fashion _ed
fashioning	v	fashion _ing
fashions	n	fashion _s
fashions	v	fashion _es
fastballs	n	fastball _s
fasted	v	fast _ed
fastened	v	fasten _ed
fastener	n	fast _en _er
fasteners	n	fast _en _er _s
fastening	v	fasten _ing
fastenings	n	fastening _s
fastens	v	fasten _es
faster	a	fast _er
fastest	a	fast _est
fastidiously	r	fastidious _ly
fastidiousness	n	fastidious _ness
fasting	v	fast _ing
fastness	n	fast _ness
fastnesses	n	fast _ness _s
fasts	n	fast _s
fasts	v	fast _es
fatal	a	fate _al
fatal	n	fate _al
fatal	v	fate _al
fatalist	a	fatal _ism _ist
fatalist	n	fatal _ism _ist
fatalistic	a	fatal _ism _ist _ic
fatalists	n	fatal _ism _ist _s
fatality	n	fate _al _ity
fatally	r	fate _al _ly
fated	v	fat _ed
fateful	a	fate _ful
fateful	n	fate _ful
fates	n	fate _s
fates	v	fat _es
fatheads	n	fathead _s
fathered	v	father _ed
fathering	v	father _ing
fatherlands	n	fatherland _s
fatherless	a	father _less
fatherless	n	father _less
fathers	n	father _s
fathers	v	father _es
fathomed	v	fathom _ed
fathoming	v	fathom _ing
fathomless	a	fathom _less
fathomless	n	fathom _less
fathoms	n	fathom _s
fathoms	v	fathom _es
fatigued	v	fatigue _ed
fatigues	n	fatigue _s
fatigues	v	fatigue _es
fatness	a	fat _ness
fatness	n	fat _ness
fats	n	fat _s
fats	v	fat _es
fatsos	n	fatso _s
fattened	v	fatten _ed
fattening	v	fatten _ing
fattens	v	fatten _es
fatter	a	fat _er
fattest	a	fat _est
fatty	a	fat _y
fatty	n	fat _y
fatty	r	fat _y
fatty	v	fat _y
fatuity	n	fatuous _ity
fatwas	n	fatwa _s
faucets	n	faucet _s
faulted	v	fault _ed
faultfinders	n	faultfinder _s
faulting	v	fault _ing
faultless	a	fault _less
faultless	n	fault _less
faultless	r	fault _less
faultless	v	fault _less
faultlessly	r	fault _less _ly
faults	n	fault _s
faults	v	fault _es
faulty	a	fault _y
faulty	n	fault _y
faulty	r	fault _y
faulty	v	fault _y
faunas	n	fauna _s
fauns	n	faun _s
favourable	a	favour _able
favourable	n	favour _able
favourable	v	favour _able
favourably	n	favour _able _ly
favourably	r	favour _able _ly
favoured	v	favour _ed
favouring	v	favour _ing
favourites	n	favourite _s
favours	n	favour _s
favours	v	favour _es
fawned	v	fawn _ed
fawners	n	fawner _s
fawning	v	fawn _ing
fawns	n	fawn _s
fawns	v	fawn _es
faxed	v	fax _ed
faxes	n	fax _s
faxes	v	fax _es
faxing	v	fax _ing
fays	n	fay _s
fazed	v	faze _ed
fazes	v	faze _es
feared	v	fear _ed
fearful	a	fear _ful
fearful	n	fear _ful
fearful	o	fear _ful
fearful	v	fear _ful
fearfully	r	fear _ful _ly
fearfulness	n	fear _ful _ness
fearing	v	fear _ing
fearless	a	fear _less
fearless	n	fear _less
fearless	r	fear _less
fearless	v	fear _less
fearlessly	n	fear _less _ly
fearlessly	r	fear _less _ly
fearlessness	a	fear _less _ness
fearlessness	n	fear _less _ness
fearlessness	r	fear _less _ness
fears	n	fear _s
fears	v	fear _es
feasibility	n	feasible _ity
feasibly	r	feasible _ly
feasted	v	feast _ed
feasting	v	feast _ing
feasts	n	feast _s
feasts	v	feast _es
featherbedding	v	featherbed _ing
feathered	v	feather _ed
feathering	v	feather _ing
feathers	n	feather _s
feathers	v	feather _es
featherweights	n	featherweight _s
feathery	a	feather _y
feathery	n	feather _y
feathery	r	feather _y
feats	n	feat _s
featured	v	feature _ed
featureless	a	feature _less
featureless	n	feature _less
featureless	r	feature _less
features	n	feature _s
features	v	feature _es
fecklessness	n	feckless _ness
fecundity	a	fecund _ity
fecundity	n	fecund _ity
federalist	a	federal _ism _ist
federalist	n	federal _ism _ist
federalists	n	federal _ism _ist _s
federalized	v	federalize _ed
federals	n	federal _s
federated	v	federate _ed
federation	a	federate _ion
federation	n	federate _ion
federation	v	federate _ion
federations	n	federate _ion _s
fedoras	n	fedora _s
feds	n	fed _s
feebleness	n	feeble _ness
feebler	a	feeble _r
feeblest	a	feeble _st
feebly	n	feeble _ly
feebly	r	feeble _ly
feed	v	fee _ed
feeder	a	feed _er
feeder	n	feed _er
feeder	v	feed _er
feeders	n	feed _er _s
feeding	v	feed _ing
feedings	n	feeding _s
feedlots	n	feedlot _s
feeds	n	feed _s
feeds	v	feed _es
feeler	n	feel _er
feelers	n	feel _er _s
feeling	v	feel _ing
feelings	n	feeling _s
feelings	v	feel _es
feels	n	feel _s
feels	v	feel _es
fees	n	fee _s
feigned	v	feign _ed
feigning	v	feign _ing
feigns	v	feign _es
feinted	v	feint _ed
feinting	v	feint _ing
feints	n	feint _s
feints	v	feint _es
felicitations	n	felicitation _s
felicitous	a	felicity _ous
felicitously	r	felicity _ous _ly
felines	n	feline _s
fellas	n	fella _s
felled	v	fell _ed
fellers	n	feller _s
felling	v	fell _ing
fellows	n	fellow _s
fellowships	n	fellowship _s
fells	n	fell _s
fells	v	fell _es
felonious	a	felony _ous
felons	n	felon _s
felted	v	felt _ed
felting	v	felt _ing
felts	n	felt _s
felts	v	felt _es
females	n	female _s
feminines	n	feminine _s
femininity	n	feminine _ity
feminists	n	feminist _s
feminized	v	feminize _ed
femoral	a	femur _al
femurs	n	femur _s
fenced	v	fence _ed
fencer	a	fence _er
fencer	n	fence _er
fencers	n	fence _er _s
fences	n	fence _s
fences	v	fence _es
fended	v	fend _ed
fenders	n	fender _s
fending	v	fend _ing
fends	v	fend _es
fens	n	fen _s
fermented	v	ferment _ed
fermenting	v	ferment _ing
ferments	n	ferment _s
ferments	v	ferment _es
ferns	n	fern _s
ferny	a	fern _y
ferny	n	fern _y
ferny	v	fern _y
ferocious	a	ferocity _ous
ferociously	r	ferocity _ous _ly
ferreted	v	ferret _ed
ferreting	v	ferret _ing
ferrets	n	ferret _s
ferrets	v	ferret _es
ferrules	n	ferrule _s
ferryboats	n	ferryboat _s
ferrying	v	ferry _ing
fertility	a	fertile _ity
fertility	n	fertile _ity
fertility	v	fertile _ity
fertilized	v	fertilize _ed
fertilizer	a	fertilize _er
fertilizer	n	fertilize _er
fertilizer	v	fertilize _er
fertilizers	n	fertilize _er _s
fertilizes	v	fertilize _es
fervently	r	fervent _ly
fess	n	fes _s
fesses	n	fes _s _s
festal	a	feast _al
festered	v	fester _ed
festering	v	fester _ing
festers	n	fester _s
festers	v	fester _es
festivals	n	festival _s
festivity	n	festive _ity
festooned	v	festoon _ed
festooning	v	festoon _ing
festoons	n	festoon _s
festoons	v	festoon _es
fetched	v	fetch _ed
fetches	n	fetch _s
fetches	v	fetch _es
fetching	v	fetch _ing
feted	v	fete _ed
fetes	n	fete _s
fetes	v	fete _es
fetishes	n	fetish _s
fetishists	n	fetishist _s
fetlocks	n	fetlock _s
fettered	v	fetter _ed
fettering	v	fetter _ing
fetters	n	fetter _s
fetuses	n	fetus _s
feudal	a	feud _al
feudal	n	feud _al
feudal	r	feud _al
feudal	v	feud _al
feuded	v	feud _ed
feuding	v	feud _ing
feuds	n	feud _s
feuds	v	feud _es
feverishly	a	fever _ish _ly
feverishly	n	fever _ish _ly
feverishly	r	fever _ish _ly
feverishly	v	fever _ish _ly
fevers	n	fever _s
fewer	a	few _er
fewest	a	few _est
fezzes	n	fez _s
fiancees	n	fiancee _s
fiances	n	fiance _s
fiascoes	n	fiasco _s
fiats	n	fiat _s
fibbed	v	fib _ed
fibber	n	fib _er
fibbers	n	fib _er _s
fibbing	v	fib _ing
fibres	n	fibre _s
fibrillates	v	fibrillate _es
fibrils	n	fibril _s
fibrous	a	fibre _ous
fibs	n	fib _s
fibs	v	fib _es
fickleness	n	fickle _ness
fictional	a	fiction _al
fictionalizations	n	fictionalization _s
fictionalized	v	fictionalize _ed
fictionalizes	v	fictionalize _es
fictionally	r	fiction _al _ly
fictions	n	fiction _s
fictitious	a	fiction _ous
fiddled	v	fiddle _ed
fiddler	n	fiddle _er
fiddler	v	fiddle _er
fiddlers	n	fiddle _er _s
fiddles	n	fiddle _s
fiddles	v	fiddle _es
fiddlesticks	n	fiddlestick _s
fidgeted	v	fidget _ed
fidgeting	v	fidget _ing
fidgets	n	fidget _s
fidgets	v	fidget _es
fidgety	a	fidget _y
fidgety	n	fidget _y
fiefdoms	n	fiefdom _s
fiefs	n	fief _s
fielded	v	field _ed
fielder	n	field _er
fielders	n	field _er _s
fielding	v	field _ing
fields	n	field _s
fields	v	field _es
fieldworkers	n	fieldworker _s
fiendishly	a	fiendish _ly
fiendishly	n	fiendish _ly
fiendishly	r	fiendish _ly
fiends	n	fiend _s
fiercely	a	fierce _ly
fiercely	r	fierce _ly
fierceness	a	fierce _ness
fierceness	n	fierce _ness
fiercer	a	fierce _r
fiercest	a	fierce _st
fiestas	n	fiesta _s
fifes	n	fife _s
fifteens	n	fifteen _s
fifteenths	n	fifteenth _s
fifthly	a	five _th _ly
fifthly	r	five _th _ly
fifths	n	fifth _s
fighter	a	fight _er
fighter	n	fight _er
fighter	r	fight _er
fighter	v	fight _er
fighters	n	fight _er _s
fighting	v	fight _ing
fights	n	fight _s
fights	v	fight _es
figments	n	figment _s
figs	n	fig _s
figuratively	r	figure _ative _ly
figured	v	figure _ed
figureheads	n	figurehead _s
figures	n	figure _s
figures	v	figure _es
figurines	n	figurine _s
filaments	n	filament _s
filched	v	filch _ed
filches	v	filch _es
filching	v	filch _ing
filed	v	file _ed
filenames	n	filename _s
filers	n	filer _s
files	n	file _s
files	v	file _es
filibustered	v	filibuster _ed
filibustering	v	filibuster _ing
filibusters	n	filibuster _s
filibusters	v	filibuster _es
filigreed	v	filigree _ed
filigrees	n	filigree _s
filigrees	v	filigree _es
filings	n	filing _s
filled	v	fill _ed
fillers	n	filler _s
filleted	v	fillet _ed
filleting	v	fillet _ing
fillets	n	fillet _s
fillets	v	fillet _es
filling	v	fill _ing
fillings	n	filling _s
fillings	v	fill _es
fillips	n	fillip _s
fills	n	fill _s
fills	v	fill _es
filmed	v	film _ed
filming	v	film _ing
filmmakers	n	filmmaker _s
films	n	film _s
films	v	film _es
filmy	a	film _y
filmy	n	film _y
filtered	v	filter _ed
filtering	v	filter _ing
filters	n	filter _s
filters	v	filter _es
filthiness	n	filth _y _ness
filthy	a	filth _y
filthy	n	filth _y
filthy	r	filth _y
filthy	v	filth _y
filtrated	v	filtrate _ed
filtrates	n	filtrate _s
finagled	v	finagle _ed
finagles	v	finagle _es
finales	n	finale _s
finalist	a	final _ist
finalist	n	final _ist
finalist	v	final _ist
finalists	n	final _ist _s
finality	n	final _ity
finalize	n	final _ize
finalize	v	final _ize
finalized	v	final _ize _ed
finalizes	v	final _ize _es
finally	r	final _ly
finals	n	final _s
financed	v	finance _ed
finances	n	finance _s
finances	v	finance _es
financially	r	finance _al _ly
financiers	n	financier _s
finches	n	finch _s
finder	n	find _er
finder	r	find _er
finder	v	find _er
finders	n	find _er _s
finding	v	find _ing
findings	n	finding _s
findings	v	find _es
finds	n	find _s
finds	v	find _es
fined	v	fine _ed
finely	a	fine _ly
finely	r	fine _ly
fineness	n	fine _ness
finer	a	fine _r
fines	n	fine _s
fines	v	fin _es
finessed	v	finesse _ed
finesses	n	finesse _s
finesses	v	finesse _es
finessing	v	finesse _ing
finest	a	fine _st
fingerboards	n	fingerboard _s
fingered	v	finger _ed
fingering	v	finger _ing
fingerings	n	fingering _s
fingerlings	n	fingerling _s
fingermarks	n	fingermark _s
fingernails	n	fingernail _s
fingerprinted	v	fingerprint _ed
fingerprinting	v	fingerprint _ing
fingerprints	n	fingerprint _s
fingerprints	v	fingerprint _es
fingers	n	finger _s
fingers	v	finger _es
fingertips	n	fingertip _s
finials	n	finial _s
finished	v	finish _ed
finishers	n	finisher _s
finishes	n	finish _s
finishes	v	finish _es
finishing	v	finish _ing
finitely	r	finite _ly
finked	v	fink _ed
finks	n	fink _s
finned	v	fin _ed
fins	n	fin _s
fins	v	fin _es
firearms	n	firearm _s
fireballs	n	fireball _s
firebombed	v	firebomb _ed
firebombing	v	firebomb _ing
firebombs	n	firebomb _s
firebombs	v	firebomb _es
fireboxes	n	firebox _s
firebrands	n	firebrand _s
firebreaks	n	firebreak _s
firebugs	n	firebug _s
firecrackers	n	firecracker _s
fired	v	fire _ed
firefighters	n	firefighter _s
fireguards	n	fireguard _s
firehouses	n	firehouse _s
firelighters	n	firelighter _s
fireplaces	n	fireplace _s
fireplugs	n	fireplug _s
fireproofed	v	fireproof _ed
fireproofing	v	fireproof _ing
fires	n	fire _s
fires	v	fire _es
firesides	n	fireside _s
firestorms	n	firestorm _s
firetraps	n	firetrap _s
firewalls	n	firewall _s
fireworks	n	firework _s
firings	n	firing _s
firmaments	n	firmament _s
firmed	v	firm _ed
firmer	a	firm _er
firmest	a	firm _est
firming	v	firm _ing
firmly	a	firm _ly
firmly	n	firm _ly
firmly	r	firm _ly
firmly	v	firm _ly
firmness	a	firm _ness
firmness	n	firm _ness
firmness	r	firm _ness
firmness	v	firm _ness
firms	n	firm _s
firs	n	fir _s
firstborns	n	firstborn _s
firstly	r	first _ly
firsts	n	first _s
firths	n	firth _s
fiscally	r	fiscal _ly
fishbowls	n	fishbowl _s
fished	v	fish _ed
fisher	a	fish _er
fisher	n	fish _er
fisher	o	fish _er
fisher	r	fish _er
fisher	v	fish _er
fishers	n	fish _er _s
fishes	n	fish _s
fishes	v	fish _es
fishhooks	n	fishhook _s
fishing	v	fish _ing
fishmongers	n	fishmonger _s
fishnets	n	fishnet _s
fishponds	n	fishpond _s
fishtailed	v	fishtail _ed
fishtailing	v	fishtail _ing
fishtails	v	fishtail _es
fishy	a	fish _y
fishy	n	fish _y
fishy	r	fish _y
fishy	v	fish _y
fissures	n	fissure _s
fissures	v	fissure _es
fistfights	n	fistfight _s
fistfuls	n	fistful _s
fists	n	fist _s
fistulas	n	fistula _s
fitful	a	fit _ful
fitfully	r	fit _ful _ly
fitly	r	fit _ly
fitment	n	fit _ment
fitments	n	fit _ment _s
fitness	a	fit _ness
fitness	n	fit _ness
fitness	r	fit _ness
fitness	v	fit _ness
fits	n	fit _s
fits	v	fit _es
fitted	v	fit _ed
fitter	a	fit _er
fitter	n	fit _er
fitter	r	fit _er
fitter	v	fit _er
fitters	n	fit _er _s
fittest	a	fit _est
fitting	v	fit _ing
fittings	n	fitting _s
fiver	a	five _r
fivers	n	fiver _s
fives	n	five _s
fixated	v	fixate _ed
fixates	v	fixate _es
fixations	n	fixation _s
fixatives	n	fixative _s
fixed	v	fix _ed
fixedly	r	fix _ed _ly
fixers	n	fixer _s
fixes	n	fix _s
fixes	v	fix _es
fixing	v	fix _ing
fixings	n	fixing _s
fixings	v	fix _es
fixtures	n	fixture _s
fizzed	v	fizz _ed
fizzes	n	fizz _s
fizzes	v	fizz _es
fizzing	v	fizz _ing
fizzled	v	fizzle _ed
fizzles	n	fizzle _s
fizzles	v	fizzle _es
fizzy	a	fizz _y
fizzy	n	fizz _y
fizzy	v	fizz _y
fjords	n	fjord _s
flabbergasted	v	flabbergast _ed
flabbergasting	v	flabbergast _ing
flabbergasts	v	flabbergast _es
flacks	n	flack _s
flagellants	n	flagellant _s
flagellated	v	flagellate _ed
flagellates	n	flagellate _s
flagellates	v	flagellate _es
flagellation	n	flagellate _ion
flagged	v	flag _ed
flagging	v	flag _ing
flagons	n	flagon _s
flagpoles	n	flagpole _s
flagrantly	a	flagrant _ly
flagrantly	r	flagrant _ly
flags	n	flag _s
flags	v	flag _es
flagships	n	flagship _s
flagstaffs	n	flagstaff _s
flagstones	n	flagstone _s
flailed	v	flail _ed
flailing	v	flail _ing
flails	n	flail _s
flails	v	flail _es
flairs	n	flair _s
flaked	v	flake _ed
flakes	n	flake _s
flakes	v	flake _es
flakiness	a	flake _y _ness
flakiness	n	flake _y _ness
flaky	a	flake _y
flaky	n	flake _y
flaky	v	flake _y
flamboyantly	r	flamboyant _ly
flamed	v	flame _ed
flamencos	n	flamenco _s
flames	n	flame _s
flames	v	flame _es
flamethrowers	n	flamethrower _s
flamingos	n	flamingo _s
flammable	a	flame _able
flanges	n	flange _s
flanked	v	flank _ed
flankers	n	flanker _s
flanking	v	flank _ing
flanks	n	flank _s
flanks	v	flank _es
flannels	n	flannel _s
flans	n	flan _s
flapjacks	n	flapjack _s
flapped	v	flap _ed
flapper	n	flap _er
flappers	n	flap _er _s
flapping	v	flap _ing
flaps	n	flap _s
flaps	v	flap _es
flared	v	flare _ed
flares	n	flare _s
flares	v	flare _es
flashbacks	n	flashback _s
flashbulbs	n	flashbulb _s
flashcards	n	flashcard _s
flashed	v	flash _ed
flasher	n	flash _er
flasher	o	flash _er
flasher	r	flash _er
flashers	n	flash _er _s
flashes	n	flash _s
flashes	v	flash _es
flashest	a	flash _est
flashguns	n	flashgun _s
flashiness	n	flash _y _ness
flashing	v	flash _ing
flashlights	n	flashlight _s
flashy	a	flash _y
flashy	n	flash _y
flashy	o	flash _y
flashy	v	flash _y
flasks	n	flask _s
flatbeds	n	flatbed _s
flatirons	n	flatiron _s
flatlets	n	flatlet _s
flatly	r	flat _ly
flatmates	n	flatmate _s
flatness	n	flat _ness
flats	n	flat _s
flattened	v	flatten _ed
flattening	v	flatten _ing
flattens	v	flatten _es
flatter	a	flat _er
flattered	v	flatter _ed
flatterer	n	flatter _er
flatterer	v	flatter _er
flatterers	n	flatter _er _s
flattering	v	flatter _ing
flatters	v	flatter _es
flattest	a	flat _est
flattops	n	flattop _s
flatworms	n	flatworm _s
flaunted	v	flaunt _ed
flaunting	v	flaunt _ing
flaunts	n	flaunt _s
flaunts	v	flaunt _es
flautist	a	flute _ist
flautist	n	flute _ist
flautists	n	flute _ist _s
flavors	n	flavor _s
flavors	v	flavor _es
flavoured	v	flavour _ed
flavouring	v	flavour _ing
flavourings	n	flavouring _s
flavourless	a	flavour _less
flavourless	n	flavour _less
flavours	n	flavour _s
flavours	v	flavour _es
flawed	v	flaw _ed
flawless	a	flaw _less
flawless	n	flaw _less
flawless	r	flaw _less
flawlessly	r	flaw _less _ly
flaws	n	flaw _s
flaws	v	flaw _es
flayed	v	flay _ed
flaying	v	flay _ing
flays	v	flay _es
fleapits	n	fleapit _s
fleas	n	flea _s
flecked	v	fleck _ed
flecking	v	fleck _ing
flecks	n	fleck _s
flecks	v	fleck _es
fledged	v	fledge _ed
fledglings	n	fledgling _s
fleeced	v	fleece _ed
fleeces	n	fleece _s
fleeces	v	fleece _es
fleecy	a	fleece _y
fleecy	n	fleece _y
fleecy	v	fleece _y
fleeing	v	flee _ing
flees	v	flee _es
fleeted	v	fleet _ed
fleetest	a	fleet _est
fleeting	v	fleet _ing
fleetingly	r	fleet _ing _ly
fleetness	n	fleet _ness
fleets	n	fleet _s
fleets	v	fleet _es
fleshed	v	flesh _ed
fleshes	n	flesh _s
fleshes	v	flesh _es
fleshing	v	flesh _ing
fleshy	a	flesh _y
fleshy	n	flesh _y
fleshy	r	flesh _y
fleshy	v	flesh _y
flexed	v	flex _ed
flexes	n	flex _s
flexes	v	flex _es
flexibility	a	flex _ible _ity
flexibility	n	flex _ible _ity
flexibility	v	flex _ible _ity
flexibly	r	flex _ible _ly
flexing	v	flex _ing
flibbertigibbets	n	flibbertigibbet _s
flicked	v	flick _ed
flickered	v	flicker _ed
flickering	v	flicker _ing
flickers	n	flicker _s
flickers	v	flicker _es
flicking	v	flick _ing
flicks	n	flick _s
flicks	v	flick _es
flightless	a	flight _less
flightless	n	flight _less
flightless	r	flight _less
flights	n	flight _s
flights	v	flight _es
flighty	a	flight _y
flighty	n	flight _y
flimsiness	n	flim _sy _ness
flinched	v	flinch _ed
flinches	n	flinch _s
flinches	v	flinch _es
flinching	v	flinch _ing
flinging	v	fling _ing
flings	n	fling _s
flings	v	fling _es
flintlocks	n	flintlock _s
flints	n	flint _s
flinty	a	flint _y
flinty	n	flint _y
flinty	v	flint _y
flippantly	r	flippant _ly
flipped	v	flip _ed
flipper	a	flip _er
flipper	n	flip _er
flippers	n	flip _er _s
flipping	v	flip _ing
flips	n	flip _s
flips	v	flip _es
flirtations	n	flirtation _s
flirtatious	a	flirt _ion _ous
flirtatiously	r	flirtate _ion _ous _ly
flirted	v	flirt _ed
flirting	v	flirt _ing
flirts	n	flirt _s
flirts	v	flirt _es
flits	n	flit _s
flits	v	flit _es
flitted	v	flit _ed
flitting	v	flit _ing
floated	v	float _ed
floater	n	float _er
floaters	n	float _er _s
floating	v	float _ing
floats	n	float _s
floats	v	float _es
flocked	v	flock _ed
flocking	v	flock _ing
flocks	n	flock _s
flocks	v	flock _es
floes	n	floe _s
flogged	v	flog _ed
floggers	n	flogger _s
flogging	v	flog _ing
floggings	n	flogging _s
flogs	v	flog _es
flooded	v	flood _ed
floodgates	n	floodgate _s
flooding	v	flood _ing
floodlighting	v	floodlight _ing
floodlights	n	floodlight _s
floodplains	n	floodplain _s
floods	n	flood _s
floods	v	flood _es
floorboards	n	floorboard _s
floored	v	floor _ed
flooring	v	floor _ing
floors	n	floor _s
floors	v	floor _es
floorwalkers	n	floorwalker _s
flophouses	n	flophouse _s
flopped	v	flop _ed
flopping	v	flop _ing
floppy	a	flop _y
floppy	n	flop _y
flops	n	flop _s
flops	v	flop _es
floral	a	flora _al
floral	n	flora _al
floras	n	flora _s
florets	n	floret _s
florins	n	florin _s
florist	a	flora _ist
florist	n	flora _ist
florist	v	flora _ist
florists	n	flora _ist _s
flossed	v	floss _ed
flosses	n	floss _s
flossing	v	floss _ing
flotations	n	flotation _s
flotillas	n	flotilla _s
flounced	v	flounce _ed
flounces	n	flounce _s
flounces	v	flounce _es
floundered	v	flounder _ed
floundering	v	flounder _ing
flounders	n	flounder _s
flounders	v	flounder _es
floured	v	flour _ed
flouring	v	flour _ing
flourished	v	flourish _ed
flourishes	n	flourish _s
flourishes	v	flourish _es
flourishing	v	flourish _ing
flours	n	flour _s
flours	v	flour _es
floury	n	flour _y
flouted	v	flout _ed
flouting	v	flout _ing
flouts	v	flout _es
flowcharts	n	flowchart _s
flowed	v	flow _ed
flowerbeds	n	flowerbed _s
flowered	v	flower _ed
flowering	v	flower _ing
flowerings	n	flowering _s
flowerpots	n	flowerpot _s
flowers	n	flower _s
flowers	v	flower _es
flowery	a	flower _y
flowery	n	flower _y
flowery	v	flower _y
flowing	v	flow _ing
flows	n	flow _s
flows	v	flow _es
flubbed	v	flub _ed
flubbing	v	flub _ing
flubs	n	flub _s
flubs	v	flub _es
fluctuated	v	fluctuate _ed
fluctuates	v	fluctuate _es
fluctuation	n	fluctuate _ion
fluctuations	n	fluctuate _ion _s
fluently	r	fluent _ly
flues	n	flue _s
fluffed	v	fluff _ed
fluffiness	n	fluff _y _ness
fluffing	v	fluff _ing
fluffs	n	fluff _s
fluffs	v	fluff _es
fluffy	a	fluff _y
fluffy	n	fluff _y
fluffy	r	fluff _y
fluidity	n	fluid _ity
fluids	n	fluid _s
flukes	n	fluke _s
fluky	a	fluke _y
fluky	n	fluke _y
flumes	n	flume _s
flummoxed	v	flummox _ed
flummoxes	v	flummox _es
flummoxing	v	flummox _ing
flunked	v	flunk _ed
flunking	v	flunk _ing
flunks	n	flunk _s
flunks	v	flunk _es
fluoresced	v	fluoresce _ed
fluoresces	v	fluoresce _es
fluoridated	v	fluoridate _ed
fluoridation	n	fluoridate _ion
fluorides	n	fluoride _s
fluorocarbons	n	fluorocarbon _s
flushed	v	flush _ed
flushes	n	flush _s
flushes	v	flush _es
flushing	v	flush _ing
flustered	v	fluster _ed
flustering	v	fluster _ing
flusters	n	fluster _s
flusters	v	fluster _es
fluted	v	flute _ed
flutes	n	flute _s
flutes	v	flute _es
flutist	n	flute _ist
flutists	n	flute _ist _s
fluttered	v	flutter _ed
fluttering	v	flutter _ing
flutters	n	flutter _s
flutters	v	flutter _es
fluxed	v	flux _ed
fluxes	n	flux _s
fluxing	v	flux _ing
flycatchers	n	flycatcher _s
flyer	a	fly _er
flyers	n	flyer _s
flying	v	fly _ing
flyovers	n	flyover _s
flypasts	n	flypast _s
flyspecks	n	flyspeck _s
flytraps	n	flytrap _s
flyways	n	flyway _s
flyweights	n	flyweight _s
flywheels	n	flywheel _s
foaled	v	foal _ed
foaling	v	foal _ing
foals	n	foal _s
foals	v	foal _es
foamed	v	foam _ed
foaming	v	foam _ing
foams	n	foam _s
foams	v	foam _es
foamy	a	foam _y
foamy	n	foam _y
fobbed	v	fob _ed
fobbing	v	fob _ing
fobs	n	fob _s
fobs	v	fob _es
focal	a	focus _al
focused	v	focus _ed
focuses	n	focus _s
focuses	v	focus _es
focusing	v	focus _ing
fodders	n	fodder _s
foes	n	foe _s
fogeys	n	fogey _s
fogged	v	fog _ed
fogging	v	fog _ing
foggy	a	fog _y
foggy	n	fog _y
foggy	v	fog _y
foghorns	n	foghorn _s
fogs	n	fog _s
fogs	v	fog _es
foibles	n	foible _s
foiled	v	foil _ed
foiling	v	foil _ing
foils	n	foil _s
foils	v	foil _es
foisted	v	foist _ed
foisting	v	foist _ing
foists	v	foist _es
folded	v	fold _ed
folder	n	fold _er
folders	n	fold _er _s
folding	v	fold _ing
folds	n	fold _s
folds	v	fold _es
folios	n	folio _s
folklorist	n	folklore _ist
folks	n	folk _s
folktales	n	folktale _s
follicles	n	follicle _s
followed	v	follow _ed
follower	a	follow _er
follower	n	follow _er
follower	r	follow _er
followers	n	follow _er _s
following	v	follow _ing
followings	n	following _s
followings	v	follow _es
follows	v	follow _es
followups	n	followup _s
fomented	v	foment _ed
fomenting	v	foment _ing
foments	v	foment _es
fondants	n	fondant _s
fonder	a	fond _er
fondest	a	fond _est
fondled	v	fondle _ed
fondles	v	fondle _es
fondly	r	fond _ly
fondness	a	fond _ness
fondness	n	fond _ness
fondues	n	fondue _s
fonts	n	font _s
foodies	n	foodie _s
foods	n	food _s
foodstuffs	n	foodstuff _s
fooled	v	fool _ed
foolhardiness	a	foolhardy _ness
foolhardiness	n	foolhardy _ness
fooling	v	fool _ing
foolishly	a	fool _ish _ly
foolishly	n	fool _ish _ly
foolishly	r	fool _ish _ly
foolishly	v	fool _ish _ly
foolishness	a	fool _ish _ness
foolishness	n	fool _ish _ness
foolishness	r	fool _ish _ness
fools	n	fool _s
fools	v	fool _es
footballers	n	footballer _s
footballs	n	football _s
footbridges	n	footbridge _s
footed	v	foot _ed
footer	a	foot _er
footer	n	foot _er
footer	v	foot _er
footers	n	foot _er _s
footfalls	n	footfall _s
foothills	n	foothill _s
footholds	n	foothold _s
footing	v	foot _ing
footings	n	footing _s
footlockers	n	footlocker _s
footnoted	v	footnote _ed
footnotes	n	footnote _s
footnotes	v	footnote _es
footpaths	n	footpath _s
footplates	n	footplate _s
footprints	n	footprint _s
footraces	n	footrace _s
footrests	n	footrest _s
foots	n	foot _s
foots	v	foot _es
footsteps	n	footstep _s
footstools	n	footstool _s
fops	n	fop _s
foraged	v	forage _ed
foragers	n	forager _s
forages	n	forage _s
forages	v	forage _es
forayed	v	foray _ed
foraying	v	foray _ing
forays	n	foray _s
forays	v	foray _es
forbearing	v	forbear _ing
forbears	n	forbear _s
forbears	v	forbear _es
forbidden	v	forbid _den
forbidding	v	forbid _ing
forbiddings	n	forbidding _s
forbids	v	forbid _es
forced	v	force _ed
forceful	a	force _ful
forceful	n	force _ful
forceful	v	force _ful
forcefully	r	force _ful _ly
forcefulness	n	force _ful _ness
forces	n	force _s
forces	v	force _es
forcibly	n	force _ible _ly
forcibly	r	force _ible _ly
fordable	a	ford _able
forded	v	ford _ed
fording	v	ford _ing
fords	n	ford _s
fords	v	ford _es
forearmed	v	forearm _ed
forearms	n	forearm _s
forearms	v	forearm _es
forebears	n	forebear _s
foreboded	v	forebode _ed
forebodings	n	foreboding _s
forecasters	n	forecaster _s
forecasting	v	forecast _ing
forecasts	n	forecast _s
forecasts	v	forecast _es
foreclosed	v	foreclose _ed
forecloses	v	foreclose _es
foreclosures	n	foreclosure _s
forecourts	n	forecourt _s
foredoomed	v	foredoom _ed
forefathers	n	forefather _s
forefingers	n	forefinger _s
forefronts	n	forefront _s
foregathered	v	foregather _ed
foregoes	v	forego _es
foregoing	v	forego _ing
foregone	v	forego _ne
foregrounded	v	foreground _ed
foregrounding	v	foreground _ing
foregrounds	n	foreground _s
foregrounds	v	foreground _es
forehands	n	forehand _s
foreheads	n	forehead _s
foreigners	n	foreigner _s
foreknown	v	foreknow _n
foreknows	v	foreknow _es
forelegs	n	foreleg _s
forelimbs	n	forelimb _s
forelocks	n	forelock _s
forenames	n	forename _s
foreordained	v	foreordain _ed
foreparts	n	forepart _s
forequarters	n	forequarter _s
forerunners	n	forerunner _s
fores	n	fore _s
foresails	n	foresail _s
foreseeable	a	foresee _able
foreseeing	v	foresee _ing
foreseen	v	foresee _n
foresees	v	foresee _es
foreshadowed	v	foreshadow _ed
foreshadowing	v	foreshadow _ing
foreshadows	v	foreshadow _es
foreshores	n	foreshore _s
foreshortened	v	foreshorten _ed
foreshortening	v	foreshorten _ing
foreshortens	v	foreshorten _es
foreskins	n	foreskin _s
forestalled	v	forestall _ed
forestalling	v	forestall _ing
forestalls	v	forestall _es
forested	v	forest _ed
forester	n	forest _er
forester	r	forest _er
forester	v	forest _er
foresters	n	forest _er _s
foresting	v	forest _ing
forests	n	forest _s
forests	v	forest _es
foretelling	v	foretell _ing
foretells	v	foretell _es
forewarned	v	forewarn _ed
forewarning	v	forewarn _ing
forewarns	v	forewarn _es
forewords	n	foreword _s
forfeited	v	forfeit _ed
forfeiting	v	forfeit _ing
forfeits	n	forfeit _s
forfeits	v	forfeit _es
forfeitures	n	forfeiture _s
forged	v	forge _ed
forger	n	forge _er
forgers	n	forge _er _s
forges	n	forge _s
forges	v	forge _es
forgetfulness	a	forget _ful _ness
forgetfulness	n	forget _ful _ness
forgetfulness	v	forget _ful _ness
forgets	v	forget _es
forgettable	a	forget _able
forgetting	v	forget _ing
forgings	n	forging _s
forgivable	a	forgive _able
forgiven	v	forgive _n
forgiveness	a	forgive _ness
forgiveness	n	forgive _ness
forgiveness	r	forgive _ness
forgiveness	v	forgive _ness
forgives	v	forgive _es
forgoes	v	forgo _es
forgoing	v	forgo _ing
forgone	v	forgo _ne
forked	v	fork _ed
forking	v	fork _ing
forklifts	n	forklift _s
forks	n	fork _s
forks	v	fork _es
forlornly	a	forlorn _ly
forlornly	r	forlorn _ly
formal	a	form _al
formal	n	form _al
formal	v	form _al
formality	n	form _al _ity
formalize	v	form _al _ize
formalized	v	form _al _ize _ed
formalizes	v	form _al _ize _es
formally	r	form _al _ly
formally	v	form _al _ly
formals	n	form _al _s
formations	n	formation _s
formats	n	format _s
formats	v	format _es
formatted	v	format _ed
formatting	v	format _ing
formed	v	form _ed
formerly	a	form _er _ly
formerly	r	form _er _ly
formidably	r	form _d _able _ly
forming	v	form _ing
formless	a	form _less
formless	n	form _less
formless	r	form _less
formlessness	n	form _less _ness
forms	n	form _s
forms	v	form _es
formulae	n	formula _e
formulaic	a	formula _ic
formulaic	n	formula _ic
formulaic	v	formula _ic
formulas	n	formula _s
formulated	v	formulate _ed
formulates	v	formulate _es
formulations	n	formulation _s
fornicated	v	fornicate _ed
fornicates	v	fornicate _es
fornication	n	fornicate _ion
fornicators	n	fornicator _s
forsaken	v	forsake _n
forsakes	v	forsake _es
forswearing	v	forswear _ing
forswears	v	forswear _es
fortes	v	fort _es
forthrightness	n	forthright _ness
fortieths	n	fortieth _s
fortifications	n	fortification _s
fortifying	v	fortify _ing
fortnights	n	fortnight _s
fortresses	n	fortress _s
forts	n	fort _s
forts	v	fort _es
fortuitously	r	fortuitous _ly
fortunately	a	fortunate _ly
fortunately	r	fortunate _ly
fortunately	v	fortunate _ly
fortunes	n	fortune _s
fortunetellers	n	fortuneteller _s
forums	n	forum _s
forwarded	v	forward _ed
forwarding	v	forward _ing
forwardness	a	forward _ness
forwardness	n	forward _ness
forwards	n	forward _s
forwards	v	forward _es
fossilize	v	fossil _ize
fossilized	v	fossil _ize _ed
fossils	n	fossil _s
fostered	v	foster _ed
fostering	v	foster _ing
fosters	n	foster _s
fosters	v	foster _es
fouled	v	foul _ed
fouler	a	foul _er
foulest	a	foul _est
fouling	v	foul _ing
foully	r	foul _ly
foulness	n	foul _ness
foulness	v	foul _ness
fouls	n	foul _s
fouls	v	foul _es
foundations	n	foundation _s
founded	v	found _ed
founder	n	found _er
foundered	v	found _er _ed
foundering	v	found _er _ing
founders	n	found _er _s
founders	v	founder _es
founding	v	found _ing
foundlings	n	foundling _s
founds	n	found _s
founds	v	found _es
fountainheads	n	fountainhead _s
fountains	n	fountain _s
founts	n	fount _s
fours	n	four _s
foursomes	n	foursome _s
fourteens	n	fourteen _s
fourthly	r	fourth _ly
fourths	n	fourth _s
fowling	v	fowl _ing
fowls	n	fowl _s
fowls	v	fowl _es
foxed	v	fox _ed
foxes	n	fox _s
foxes	v	fox _es
foxgloves	n	foxglove _s
foxholes	n	foxhole _s
foxhounds	n	foxhound _s
foxhunting	v	foxhunt _ing
foxhunts	n	foxhunt _s
foxing	v	fox _ing
foxtrots	n	foxtrot _s
foxtrotting	v	foxtrot _ing
foxy	a	fox _y
foxy	n	fox _y
foyers	n	foyer _s
fractals	n	fractal _s
fractional	a	fraction _al
fractional	n	fraction _al
fractionally	r	fraction _al _ly
fractions	n	fraction _s
fractious	a	fraction _ous
fractured	v	fracture _ed
fractures	n	fracture _s
fractures	v	fracture _es
fragility	n	fragile _ity
fragmented	v	fragment _ed
fragmenting	v	fragment _ing
fragments	n	fragment _s
fragments	v	fragment _es
fragrances	n	fragrance _s
fragrantly	r	fragrant _ly
frailer	a	frail _er
frailest	a	frail _est
framed	v	frame _ed
framers	n	framer _s
frames	n	frame _s
frames	v	frame _es
frameworks	n	framework _s
franchised	v	franchise _ed
franchisees	v	franchise _es
franchises	n	franchise _s
franchises	v	franchise _es
francs	n	franc _s
franked	v	frank _ed
franker	a	frank _er
frankest	a	frank _est
frankfurters	n	frankfurter _s
franking	v	frank _ing
frankly	a	frank _ly
frankly	n	frank _ly
frankly	o	frank _ly
frankly	r	frank _ly
frankly	v	frank _ly
frankness	a	frank _ness
frankness	n	frank _ness
frankness	v	frank _ness
franks	n	frank _s
franks	v	frank _es
frappes	n	frappe _s
fraternally	r	frater _al _ly
fraternized	v	fraternize _ed
fraternizes	v	fraternize _es
fratricidal	a	fratricide _al
fratricidal	n	fratricide _al
frats	n	frat _s
frauds	n	fraud _s
fraudulently	r	fraudulent _ly
frayed	v	fray _ed
fraying	v	fray _ing
frays	n	fray _s
frays	v	fray _es
frazzled	v	frazzle _ed
frazzles	n	frazzle _s
frazzles	v	frazzle _es
freaked	v	freak _ed
freaking	v	freak _ing
freakishly	a	freak _ish _ly
freakishly	r	freak _ish _ly
freaks	n	freak _s
freaks	v	freak _es
freaky	a	freak _y
freaky	n	freak _y
freaky	v	freak _y
freckled	v	freckle _ed
freckles	n	freckle _s
freckles	v	freckle _es
freebies	n	freebie _s
freebooters	n	freebooter _s
freed	v	free _ed
freedoms	n	freedom _s
freest	a	free _est
freeholders	n	freeholder _s
freeholds	n	freehold _s
freeing	v	free _ing
freelanced	v	freelance _ed
freelancer	a	freelance _r
freelancer	n	freelance _er
freelancers	n	freelance _er _s
freelances	n	freelance _s
freelances	v	freelance _es
freeloaders	n	freeload _er _s
freeloading	v	freeload _ing
freeloads	v	freeload _es
freely	r	free _ly
freer	a	free _r
frees	n	free _s
frees	v	free _es
freesias	n	freesia _s
freest	a	free _st
freestyles	n	freestyle _s
freethinkers	n	freethinker _s
freeways	n	freeway _s
freewheeled	v	freewheel _ed
freewheeling	v	freewheel _ing
freewheels	n	freewheel _s
freewheels	v	freewheel _es
freezer	a	freeze _er
freezer	n	freeze _er
freezer	v	freeze _er
freezers	n	freeze _er _s
freezes	n	freeze _s
freezes	v	freeze _es
freighted	v	freight _ed
freighter	n	freight _er
freighter	v	freight _er
freighters	n	freight _er _s
freighting	v	freight _ing
freights	n	freight _s
freights	v	freight _es
frenziedly	r	frenzy _ed _ly
frequented	v	frequent _ed
frequenters	n	frequenter _s
frequenting	v	frequent _ing
frequently	a	frequent _ly
frequently	r	frequent _ly
frequents	v	frequent _es
frescoes	n	fresco _s
frescoes	v	fresco _es
freshened	v	freshen _ed
fresheners	n	freshener _s
freshening	v	freshen _ing
freshens	v	freshen _es
fresher	a	fresh _er
freshers	n	fresher _s
freshest	a	fresh _est
freshets	n	freshet _s
freshly	a	fresh _ly
freshly	n	fresh _ly
freshly	r	fresh _ly
freshly	v	fresh _ly
freshness	a	fresh _ness
freshness	n	fresh _ness
fretful	a	fret _ful
fretfully	r	fret _ful _ly
frets	n	fret _s
frets	v	fret _es
fretted	v	fret _ed
fretting	v	fret _ing
friable	a	fry _able
friars	n	friar _s
fricassees	n	fricassee _s
fricatives	n	fricative _s
frictions	n	friction _s
fridges	n	fridge _s
friendless	a	friend _less
friendless	n	friend _less
friendless	r	friend _less
friendliness	a	friend _ly _ness
friendliness	n	friend _ly _ness
friends	n	friend _s
friendships	n	friendship _s
friezes	n	frieze _s
frigates	n	frigate _s
frighted	v	fright _ed
frightened	v	frighten _ed
frightening	v	frighten _ing
frighteningly	r	fright _en _ing _ly
frightens	v	frighten _es
frightful	a	fright _ful
frightful	n	fright _ful
frightfully	r	fright _ful _ly
frighting	v	fright _ing
frights	n	fright _s
frigidity	n	frigid _ity
frills	n	frill _s
frilly	a	frill _y
frilly	n	frill _y
frilly	r	frill _y
fringed	v	fringe _ed
fringes	n	fringe _s
fringes	v	fringe _es
frisked	v	frisk _ed
frisking	v	frisk _ing
frisks	n	frisk _s
frisks	v	frisk _es
frisky	a	frisk _y
frisky	n	frisk _y
frisky	v	frisk _y
frissons	n	frisson _s
frittered	v	fritter _ed
frittering	v	fritter _ing
fritters	n	fritter _s
fritters	v	fritter _es
frivolity	n	frivolous _ity
frivolity	v	frivolous _ity
frivolously	r	frivolous _ly
frizzed	v	frizz _ed
frizzled	v	frizzle _ed
frizzy	a	frizz _y
frizzy	n	frizz _y
frizzy	v	frizz _y
frocks	n	frock _s
frocks	v	frock _es
frogging	v	frog _ing
frogmarched	v	frogmarch _ed
frogmarches	v	frogmarch _es
frogmarching	v	frogmarch _ing
frogs	n	frog _s
frogs	v	frog _es
frolicked	v	frolic _ed
frolicking	v	frolic _ing
frolics	n	frolic _s
frolics	v	frolic _es
fronds	n	frond _s
frontages	n	frontage _s
frontal	a	front _al
frontal	n	front _al
frontal	v	front _al
frontally	r	front _al _ly
frontbenchers	n	frontbencher _s
fronted	v	front _ed
frontiers	n	frontier _s
fronting	v	front _ing
fronts	n	front _s
fronts	v	front _es
frostbites	n	frostbite _s
frosted	v	frost _ed
frostily	r	frost _y _ly
frosting	v	frost _ing
frostings	n	frosting _s
frosts	n	frost _s
frosts	v	frost _es
frosty	a	frost _y
frosty	n	frost _y
frosty	v	frost _y
frothed	v	froth _ed
frothing	v	froth _ing
froths	n	froth _s
froths	v	froth _es
frothy	a	froth _y
frothy	n	froth _y
frowned	v	frown _ed
frowning	v	frown _ing
frowns	n	frown _s
frowns	v	frown _es
frugality	n	frugal _ity
frugally	r	frugal _ly
fruitcakes	n	fruitcake _s
fruited	v	fruit _ed
fruiterers	n	fruiterer _s
fruitful	a	fruit _ful
fruitful	n	fruit _ful
fruitful	v	fruit _ful
fruitfully	r	fruit _ful _ly
fruitfulness	a	fruit _ful _ness
fruitfulness	n	fruit _ful _ness
fruiting	v	fruit _ing
fruition	n	fruit _ion
fruition	v	fruit _ion
fruitless	a	fruit _less
fruitless	n	fruit _less
fruitless	r	fruit _less
fruitless	v	fruit _less
fruitlessly	r	fruit _less _ly
fruits	n	fruit _s
fruits	v	fruit _es
fruity	a	fruit _y
fruity	n	fruit _y
frumps	n	frump _s
frumpy	a	frump _y
frumpy	n	frump _y
frustrated	v	frustrate _ed
frustrates	v	frustrate _es
frustrations	n	frustration _s
fryer	n	fry _er
fryer	v	fry _er
fryers	n	fry _er _s
frying	v	fry _ing
fuchsias	n	fuchsia _s
fucked	v	fuck _ed
fucker	n	fuck _er
fuckers	n	fuck _er _s
fuckheads	n	fuckhead _s
fucking	v	fuck _ing
fucks	n	fuck _s
fucks	v	fuck _es
fuddled	v	fuddle _ed
fuddles	v	fuddle _es
fudged	v	fudge _ed
fudges	n	fudge _s
fudges	v	fudge _es
fuelled	v	fuel _ed
fuelling	v	fuel _ing
fuels	n	fuel _s
fuels	v	fuel _es
fugitives	n	fugitive _s
fugues	n	fugue _s
fulcrums	n	fulcrum _s
fulfilled	v	fulfil _ed
fulfilling	v	fulfil _ing
fulfills	v	fulfill _es
fullbacks	n	fullback _s
fulled	v	full _ed
fuller	a	full _er
fuller	n	full _er
fuller	r	full _er
fuller	v	full _er
fullers	n	full _er _s
fullest	a	full _est
fulling	v	full _ing
fullness	a	full _ness
fullness	n	full _ness
fullness	r	full _ness
fullness	v	full _ness
fulls	n	full _s
fulls	v	full _es
fully	r	full _ly
fulminated	v	fulminate _ed
fulminates	n	fulminate _s
fulminates	v	fulminate _es
fulmination	n	fulminate _ion
fulminations	n	fulminate _ion _s
fulsomely	r	fulsome _ly
fumbled	v	fumble _ed
fumblers	n	fumbler _s
fumbles	n	fumble _s
fumbles	v	fumble _es
fumed	v	fume _ed
fumes	n	fume _s
fumes	v	fume _es
fumigants	n	fumigant _s
fumigated	v	fumigate _ed
fumigates	v	fumigate _es
fumigation	n	fumigate _ion
fumigators	n	fumigator _s
functional	a	function _al
functional	n	function _al
functional	v	function _al
functionalist	a	function _al _ism _ist
functionalist	n	function _al _ism _ist
functionalist	v	function _al _ism _ist
functionalists	n	function _al _ism _ist _s
functionally	r	function _al _ly
functioned	v	function _ed
functioning	v	function _ing
functions	n	function _s
functions	v	function _es
fundamental	a	fundament _al
fundamental	n	fundament _al
fundamental	v	fundament _al
fundamentalists	n	fundamentalist _s
fundamentally	r	fundament _al _ly
fundamentals	n	fundament _al _s
funded	v	fund _ed
funding	v	fund _ing
fundraisers	n	fundraiser _s
funds	n	fund _s
funds	v	fund _es
funerals	n	funeral _s
funereal	a	funeral _al
funereal	n	funeral _al
funereal	v	funeral _al
funfairs	n	funfair _s
fungicides	n	fungicide _s
funiculars	n	funicular _s
funked	v	funk _ed
funking	v	funk _ing
funks	n	funk _s
funky	a	funk _y
funky	n	funk _y
funky	r	funk _y
funky	v	funk _y
funnelled	v	funnel _ed
funnelling	v	funnel _ing
funnels	n	funnel _s
funnels	v	funnel _es
funnily	r	fun _y _ly
funny	a	fun _y
funny	n	fun _y
funny	o	fun _y
funny	r	fun _y
funny	v	fun _y
furbished	v	furbish _ed
furbishing	v	furbish _ing
furious	a	fury _ous
furiously	r	fury _ous _ly
furled	v	furl _ed
furling	v	furl _ing
furlongs	n	furlong _s
furloughed	v	furlough _ed
furloughing	v	furlough _ing
furloughs	n	furlough _s
furloughs	v	furlough _es
furnaces	n	furnace _s
furnished	v	furnish _ed
furnishes	v	furnish _es
furnishing	v	furnish _ing
furnishings	n	furnishing _s
furnishings	v	furnish _es
furors	n	furor _s
furriers	n	furrier _s
furrowed	v	furrow _ed
furrowing	v	furrow _ing
furrows	n	furrow _s
furrows	v	furrow _es
furry	a	fur _y
furry	n	fur _y
furry	v	fur _y
furs	n	fur _s
furthered	v	further _ed
furthering	v	further _ing
furthers	v	further _es
furtively	r	furtive _ly
fused	v	fuse _ed
fuselages	n	fuselage _s
fuses	n	fuse _s
fuses	v	fuse _es
fusiliers	n	fusilier _s
fusillades	n	fusillade _s
fusion	a	fuse _ion
fusion	n	fuse _ion
fusion	v	fuse _ion
fusions	n	fuse _ion _s
fussed	v	fuss _ed
fusses	n	fuss _s
fusses	v	fuss _es
fussily	r	fuss _y _ly
fussiness	n	fuss _y _ness
fussing	v	fuss _ing
fusspots	n	fusspot _s
fussy	a	fuss _y
fussy	n	fuss _y
fussy	r	fuss _y
fussy	v	fuss _y
futility	n	futile _ity
futons	n	futon _s
futures	n	future _s
futurist	a	future _ism _ist
futurist	n	future _ism _ist
futuristic	a	future _ism _ist _ic
futurists	n	future _ism _ist _s
futurity	n	future _ity
fuzziness	n	fuzz _y _ness
fuzziness	v	fuzz _y _ness
fuzzy	a	fuzz _y
fuzzy	n	fuzz _y
fuzzy	r	fuzz _y
fuzzy	v	fuzz _y
gabardines	n	gabardine _s
gabbled	v	gabble _ed
gabbles	n	gabble _s
gabbles	v	gabble _es
gabfests	n	gabfest _s
gables	n	gable _s
gabs	n	gab _s
gadabouts	n	gadabout _s
gadded	v	gad _ed
gadding	v	gad _ing
gadgets	n	gadget _s
gads	n	gad _s
gaffers	n	gaffer _s
gaffes	n	gaffe _s
gaffs	n	gaff _s
gagged	v	gag _ed
gagging	v	gag _ing
gaggles	n	gaggle _s
gags	n	gag _s
gags	v	gag _es
gaily	n	gay _ly
gaily	r	gay _ly
gaily	v	gay _ly
gained	v	gain _ed
gainers	n	gainer _s
gainful	a	gain _ful
gainfully	r	gain _ful _ly
gaining	v	gain _ing
gains	n	gain _s
gains	v	gain _es
gainsaying	v	gainsay _ing
gainsays	v	gainsay _es
gaiters	n	gaiter _s
gaits	n	gait _s
galas	n	gala _s
gales	n	gale _s
gallantly	r	gallant _ly
gallants	n	gallant _s
gallbladders	n	gallbladder _s
galled	v	gall _ed
galleons	n	galleon _s
galleys	n	galley _s
galling	v	gall _ing
gallivanted	v	gallivant _ed
gallivanting	v	gallivant _ing
gallons	n	gallon _s
galloped	v	gallop _ed
galloping	v	gallop _ing
gallops	n	gallop _s
gallops	v	gallop _es
galls	n	gall _s
galls	v	gall _es
gallstones	n	gallstone _s
galoots	n	galoot _s
galoshes	n	galosh _s
gals	n	gal _s
galumphing	v	galumph _ing
galvanize	v	galvanism _ize
galvanized	v	galvanism _ize _ed
galvanizes	v	galvanism _ize _es
gambits	n	gambit _s
gambled	v	gamble _ed
gambler	n	gamble _er
gambler	v	gamble _er
gamblers	n	gamble _er _s
gambles	n	gamble _s
gambles	v	gamble _es
gambolled	v	gambol _ed
gambolling	v	gambol _ing
gambols	n	gambol _s
gambols	v	gambol _es
gamecocks	n	gamecock _s
gamed	v	game _ed
gamekeepers	n	gamekeeper _s
gamely	r	game _ly
gamer	a	game _r
games	n	game _s
games	v	game _es
gamest	a	game _st
gametes	n	gamete _s
gamines	n	gamine _s
gamins	n	gamin _s
gammas	n	gamma _s
gamuts	n	gamut _s
ganders	n	gander _s
ganged	v	gang _ed
ganging	v	gang _ing
gangplanks	n	gangplank _s
gangrenous	a	gangrene _ous
gangs	n	gang _s
gangs	v	gang _es
gangstas	n	gangsta _s
gangsters	n	gangster _s
gangways	n	gangway _s
gannets	n	gannet _s
gantlets	n	gantlet _s
gaped	v	gap _ed
gapes	n	gape _s
gapes	v	gap _es
gaping	v	gap _ing
gaps	n	gap _s
gaps	v	gap _es
garaged	v	garage _ed
garages	n	garage _s
garages	v	garage _es
garbanzos	n	garbanzo _s
garbed	v	garb _ed
garbled	v	garble _ed
garbles	v	garble _es
garbs	n	garb _s
gardened	v	garden _ed
gardener	n	garden _er
gardener	v	garden _er
gardeners	n	garden _er _s
gardenias	n	gardenia _s
gardening	v	garden _ing
gardens	n	garden _s
gardens	v	garden _es
gargled	v	gargle _ed
gargles	n	gargle _s
gargles	v	gargle _es
gargoyles	n	gargoyle _s
garishly	a	garish _ly
garishly	r	garish _ly
garlanded	v	garland _ed
garlanding	v	garland _ing
garlands	n	garland _s
garlands	v	garland _es
garments	n	garment _s
garments	v	garment _es
garnered	v	garner _ed
garnering	v	garner _ing
garners	n	garner _s
garners	v	garner _es
garnets	n	garnet _s
garnished	v	garnish _ed
garnishees	n	garnishee _s
garnishes	n	garnish _s
garnishes	v	garnish _es
garnishing	v	garnish _ing
garnishments	n	garnishment _s
garrets	n	garret _s
garrisoned	v	garrison _ed
garrisoning	v	garrison _ing
garrisons	n	garrison _s
garrisons	v	garrison _es
garroted	v	garrote _ed
gars	n	gar _s
garters	n	garter _s
gasbags	n	gasbag _s
gases	n	gas _s
gases	v	gas _es
gashed	v	gash _ed
gashes	n	gash _s
gashes	v	gash _es
gashing	v	gash _ing
gaskets	n	gasket _s
gaslights	n	gaslight _s
gasometers	n	gasometer _s
gasped	v	gasp _ed
gasping	v	gasp _ing
gasps	n	gasp _s
gasps	v	gasp _es
gassed	v	gas _ed
gassing	v	gas _ing
gassy	a	gas _y
gassy	n	gas _y
gastronomes	n	gastronome _s
gastronomic	a	gastronomy _ic
gastropods	n	gastropod _s
gateaux	n	gateau _x
gatecrasher	n	gatecrash _er
gatecrashers	n	gatecrash _er _s
gated	v	gate _ed
gatehouses	n	gatehouse _s
gatekeepers	n	gatekeeper _s
gateposts	n	gatepost _s
gates	n	gate _s
gates	v	gate _es
gateways	n	gateway _s
gathered	v	gather _ed
gatherers	n	gatherer _s
gathering	v	gather _ing
gatherings	n	gathering _s
gatherings	v	gather _es
gathers	n	gather _s
gathers	v	gather _es
gators	n	gator _s
gauchos	n	gaucho _s
gaudily	a	gaudy _ly
gaudily	r	gaudy _ly
gaudiness	n	gaudy _ness
gauged	v	gauge _ed
gauges	n	gauge _s
gauges	v	gauge _es
gauntlets	n	gauntlet _s
gauzy	n	gauze _y
gavels	n	gavel _s
gavottes	n	gavotte _s
gawked	v	gawk _ed
gawking	v	gawk _ing
gawks	n	gawk _s
gawky	a	gawk _y
gawky	n	gawk _y
gawped	v	gawp _ed
gawping	v	gawp _ing
gayer	a	gay _er
gayest	a	gay _est
gayness	n	gay _ness
gays	n	gay _s
gazebos	n	gazebo _s
gazed	v	gaze _ed
gazelles	n	gazelle _s
gazer	n	gaze _er
gazes	n	gaze _s
gazes	v	gaze _es
gazetted	v	gazette _ed
gazetteers	n	gazetteer _s
gazettes	n	gazette _s
gazettes	v	gazette _es
gazillions	n	gazillion _s
gazumped	v	gazump _ed
gazumping	v	gazump _ing
gazumps	v	gazump _es
gearboxes	n	gearbox _s
geared	v	gear _ed
gearing	v	gear _ing
gears	n	gear _s
gears	v	gear _es
gearshifts	n	gearshift _s
geckos	n	gecko _s
geed	v	gee _ed
geeing	v	gee _ing
geeks	n	geek _s
gees	n	gee _s
gees	v	gee _es
geezers	n	geezer _s
gelatinous	a	gelatin _ous
gelded	v	geld _ed
gelding	v	geld _ing
geldings	n	gelding _s
gelled	v	gel _ed
gelling	v	gel _ing
gels	n	gel _s
gels	v	gel _es
gems	n	gem _s
gemstones	n	gemstone _s
gendarmes	n	gendarme _s
genders	n	gender _s
genealogically	r	genealogy _al _ly
genealogist	n	genealogy _ist
genealogists	n	genealogy _ist _s
generalissimos	n	generalissimo _s
generalists	n	generalist _s
generality	n	general _ity
generalizations	n	generalization _s
generalize	n	general _ize
generalize	v	general _ize
generalized	v	general _ize _ed
generalizes	v	general _ize _es
generally	r	general _ly
generals	n	general _s
generals	v	general _es
generated	v	generate _ed
generates	v	generate _es
generation	n	generate _ion
generations	n	generate _ion _s
generators	n	generator _s
generics	n	generic _s
generosity	n	generous _ity
generously	n	generous _ly
generously	r	generous _ly
generously	v	generous _ly
genes	n	gene _s
geneticist	n	gene _ics _ist
geneticists	n	gene _ics _ist _s
geniality	n	genial _ity
genially	r	genial _ly
genies	n	genie _s
geniuses	n	genius _s
genocides	n	genocide _s
genomes	n	genome _s
genres	n	genre _s
gens	n	gen _s
gentians	n	gentian _s
gentiles	n	gentile _s
gentility	n	genteel _ity
gentled	v	gentle _ed
gentleness	a	gentle _ness
gentleness	n	gentle _ness
gentleness	v	gentle _ness
gentler	a	gentle _r
gentlest	a	gentle _st
gently	a	gentle _ly
gently	n	gentle _ly
gently	r	gentle _ly
gently	v	gentle _ly
gentrifying	v	gentrify _ing
gents	n	gent _s
genuflected	v	genuflect _ed
genuflecting	v	genuflect _ing
genuflection	n	genuflect _ion
genuflections	n	genuflect _ion _s
genuflects	v	genuflect _es
genuinely	a	genuine _ly
genuinely	r	genuine _ly
genuinely	v	genuine _ly
genuineness	n	genuine _ness
geodes	n	geode _s
geodesics	n	geodesic _s
geographers	n	geographer _s
geographically	r	geography _ic _al _ly
geologically	r	geology _ic _al _ly
geologist	a	geology _ist
geologist	n	geology _ist
geologists	n	geology _ist _s
geometric	a	geometry _ic
geometric	n	geometry _ic
geometric	v	geometry _ic
geometrically	r	geometry _ic _al _ly
geophysical	a	geophysics _al
geophysical	n	geophysics _al
geophysicists	n	geophysicist _s
geopolitical	a	geopolitics _al
geraniums	n	geranium _s
gerbils	n	gerbil _s
geriatricians	n	geriatrician _s
germinal	a	germ _al
germinated	v	germinate _ed
germinates	v	germinate _es
germs	n	germ _s
gerontologists	n	gerontologist _s
gerrymandered	v	gerrymander _ed
gerrymandering	v	gerrymander _ing
gerrymanders	n	gerrymander _s
gerunds	n	gerund _s
gestalts	n	gestalt _s
gestated	v	gestate _ed
gestates	v	gestate _es
gesticulated	v	gesticulate _ed
gesticulates	v	gesticulate _es
gesticulation	n	gesticulate _ion
gesticulations	n	gesticulate _ion _s
gestured	v	gesture _ed
gestures	n	gesture _s
gestures	v	gesture _es
getaways	n	getaway _s
gets	n	get _s
gets	v	get _es
getting	v	get _ing
gewgaws	n	gewgaw _s
geysers	n	geyser _s
ghats	n	ghat _s
gherkins	n	gherkin _s
ghettoized	v	ghettoize _ed
ghettoizes	v	ghettoize _es
ghettos	n	ghetto _s
ghosted	v	ghost _ed
ghosting	v	ghost _ing
ghosts	n	ghost _s
ghosts	v	ghost _es
ghostwriters	n	ghostwriter _s
ghostwrites	v	ghostwrite _es
ghouls	n	ghoul _s
giantesses	n	giantess _s
giants	n	giant _s
gibbered	v	gibber _ed
gibbering	v	gibber _ing
gibbers	n	gibber _s
gibbers	v	gibber _es
gibbeted	v	gibbet _ed
gibbets	n	gibbet _s
gibbons	n	gibbon _s
giblets	n	giblet _s
giddily	r	giddy _ly
giddiness	n	giddy _ness
gifted	v	gift _ed
gifting	v	gift _ing
gifts	n	gift _s
gifts	v	gift _es
gigabits	n	gigabit _s
gigabytes	n	gigabyte _s
giggled	v	giggle _ed
gigglers	n	giggler _s
giggles	n	giggle _s
giggles	v	giggle _es
gigolos	n	gigolo _s
gigs	n	gig _s
gilded	v	gild _ed
gilder	n	gild _er
gilders	n	gild _er _s
gilding	v	gild _ing
gilds	n	gild _s
gilds	v	gild _es
gillies	n	gillie _s
gills	n	gill _s
gilts	n	gilt _s
gimbals	n	gimbal _s
gimcracks	n	gimcrack _s
gimlets	n	gimlet _s
gimmicks	n	gimmick _s
gimmicky	a	gimmick _y
gimmicky	n	gimmick _y
gimped	v	gimp _ed
gimps	n	gimp _s
gingered	v	ginger _ed
gingering	v	ginger _ing
gingers	n	ginger _s
gingers	v	ginger _es
gingersnaps	n	gingersnap _s
ginkgoes	n	ginkgo _s
ginned	v	gin _ed
ginning	v	gin _ing
gins	n	gin _s
gins	v	gin _es
giraffes	n	giraffe _s
girded	v	gird _ed
girder	n	gird _er
girder	v	gird _er
girders	n	gird _er _s
girding	v	gird _ing
girdled	v	girdle _ed
girdles	n	girdle _s
girdles	v	girdle _es
girds	v	gird _es
girlfriends	n	girlfriend _s
girls	n	girl _s
giros	n	giro _s
girths	n	girth _s
gits	n	git _s
giveaways	n	giveaway _s
given	v	give _n
givens	n	given _s
giver	a	give _er
giver	n	give _er
givers	n	give _er _s
gives	n	give _s
gives	v	give _es
givings	n	giving _s
gizmos	n	gizmo _s
gizzards	n	gizzard _s
glaciated	v	glaciate _ed
glaciations	n	glaciation _s
glaciers	n	glacier _s
gladdened	v	gladden _ed
gladdening	v	gladden _ing
gladdens	v	gladden _es
gladdest	a	glad _est
glades	n	glade _s
gladiators	n	gladiator _s
gladly	r	glad _ly
gladness	n	glad _ness
glads	n	glad _s
glamorize	v	glamour _ize
glamorized	v	glamour _ize _ed
glamorizes	v	glamour _ize _es
glamorous	a	glamour _ous
glamorously	r	glamour _ous _ly
glamouring	v	glamour _ing
glamours	n	glamour _s
glanced	v	glance _ed
glances	n	glance _s
glances	v	glance _es
glands	n	gland _s
glared	v	glare _ed
glares	n	glare _s
glares	v	glare _es
glaringly	r	glare _ing _ly
glassblowers	n	glassblower _s
glassed	v	glass _ed
glasses	n	glass _s
glasses	v	glass _es
glasshouses	n	glasshouse _s
glassing	v	glass _ing
glassy	a	glass _y
glassy	n	glass _y
glassy	v	glass _y
glazed	v	glaze _ed
glazes	n	glaze _s
glazes	v	glaze _es
glaziers	n	glazier _s
gleamed	v	gleam _ed
gleaming	v	gleam _ing
gleams	n	gleam _s
gleams	v	gleam _es
gleaned	v	glean _ed
gleaner	n	glean _er
gleaners	n	glean _er _s
gleaning	v	glean _ing
gleans	v	glean _es
gleeful	a	glee _ful
gleeful	n	glee _ful
gleefully	r	glee _ful _ly
glens	n	glen _s
glibbest	a	glib _est
glibly	a	glib _ly
glibly	n	glib _ly
glibly	r	glib _ly
glibly	v	glib _ly
glibness	n	glib _ness
glided	v	glide _ed
glider	n	glide _er
glider	v	glide _er
gliders	n	glide _er _s
glides	n	glide _s
glides	v	glide _es
glimmered	v	glimmer _ed
glimmering	v	glimmer _ing
glimmerings	n	glimmering _s
glimmers	n	glimmer _s
glimmers	v	glimmer _es
glimpsed	v	glimpse _ed
glimpses	n	glimpse _s
glimpses	v	glimpse _es
glinted	v	glint _ed
glinting	v	glint _ing
glints	n	glint _s
glints	v	glint _es
glistened	v	glisten _ed
glistening	v	glisten _ing
glistens	n	glisten _s
glistens	v	glisten _es
glisters	n	glister _s
glitches	n	glitch _s
glittered	v	glitter _ed
glittering	v	glitter _ing
glitters	n	glitter _s
glitters	v	glitter _es
gloated	v	gloat _ed
gloating	v	gloat _ing
gloats	n	gloat _s
gloats	v	gloat _es
global	a	globe _al
globalized	v	globalize _ed
globalizes	v	globalize _es
globally	r	globe _al _ly
globes	n	globe _s
globetrotters	n	globetrotter _s
globs	n	glob _s
globules	n	globule _s
glockenspiels	n	glockenspiel _s
gloomily	a	gloom _y _ly
gloomily	n	gloom _y _ly
gloomily	r	gloom _y _ly
gloomy	a	gloom _y
gloomy	n	gloom _y
gloomy	r	gloom _y
gloomy	v	gloom _y
glorifying	v	glorify _ing
glorious	a	glory _ous
glorious	v	glory _ous
gloriously	a	glory _ous _ly
gloriously	r	glory _ous _ly
glorying	v	glory _ing
glossed	v	gloss _ed
glosses	n	gloss _s
glosses	v	gloss _es
glossily	r	gloss _y _ly
glossing	v	gloss _ing
glossy	a	gloss _y
glossy	n	gloss _y
glossy	v	gloss _y
glottal	a	glottis _al
gloves	n	glove _s
glowed	v	glow _ed
glowered	v	glower _ed
glowering	v	glower _ing
glowers	n	glower _s
glowers	v	glower _es
glowing	v	glow _ing
glowingly	r	glow _ing _ly
glows	n	glow _s
glows	v	glow _es
glowworms	n	glowworm _s
glued	v	glue _ed
glues	n	glue _s
glues	v	glue _es
gluey	a	glue _y
gluey	n	glue _y
glumly	a	glum _ly
glumly	n	glum _ly
glumly	o	glum _ly
glumly	r	glum _ly
glummer	a	glum _er
glummest	a	glum _est
gluons	n	gluon _s
glutinous	a	gluten _ous
gluts	n	glut _s
glutted	v	glut _ed
glutting	v	glut _ing
gluttonous	a	glutton _ous
gluttons	n	glutton _s
gnarled	v	gnarl _ed
gnarls	n	gnarl _s
gnashed	v	gnash _ed
gnashes	v	gnash _es
gnashing	v	gnash _ing
gnats	n	gnat _s
gnawed	v	gnaw _ed
gnawing	v	gnaw _ing
gnaws	v	gnaw _es
gnomes	n	gnome _s
gnus	n	gnu _s
goaded	v	goad _ed
goading	v	goad _ing
goads	n	goad _s
goads	v	goad _es
goalies	n	goalie _s
goalkeepers	n	goalkeeper _s
goalmouths	n	goalmouth _s
goalposts	n	goalpost _s
goals	n	goal _s
goaltenders	n	goaltender _s
goatees	n	goatee _s
goatherds	n	goatherd _s
goats	n	goat _s
goatskins	n	goatskin _s
gobbets	n	gobbet _s
gobbled	v	gobble _ed
gobblers	n	gobbler _s
gobbles	n	gobble _s
gobbles	v	gobble _es
goblets	n	goblet _s
goblins	n	goblin _s
gobs	n	gob _s
godchildren	n	godchild _ren
goddaughters	n	goddaughter _s
goddesses	n	goddess _s
godfathers	n	godfather _s
godless	a	god _less
godless	n	god _less
godless	v	god _less
godlessness	n	god _less _ness
godliness	n	god _ly _ness
godliness	v	god _ly _ness
godly	a	god _ly
godly	n	god _ly
godly	r	god _ly
godmothers	n	godmother _s
godparents	n	godparent _s
gods	n	god _s
godsends	n	godsend _s
godsons	n	godson _s
goer	n	go _er
goer	v	go _er
goers	n	go _er _s
goes	n	go _s
goes	v	go _es
gofers	n	gofer _s
goggled	v	goggle _ed
goggles	v	goggle _es
going	v	go _ing
goings	n	going _s
goitres	n	goitre _s
goldfields	n	goldfield _s
goldfinches	n	goldfinch _s
goldfishes	n	goldfish _s
goldmines	n	goldmine _s
golds	n	gold _s
goldsmiths	n	goldsmith _s
golfed	v	golf _ed
golfer	n	golf _er
golfer	v	golf _er
golfers	n	golf _er _s
golfing	v	golf _ing
golfs	n	golf _s
golfs	v	golf _es
golliwogs	n	golliwog _s
gonads	n	gonad _s
gondolas	n	gondola _s
gondoliers	n	gondolier _s
gone	v	go _ne
goner	n	gone _er
goners	n	gone _er _s
gonged	v	gong _ed
gonging	v	gong _ing
gongs	n	gong _s
goodbyes	n	goodbye _s
goodness	a	good _ness
goodness	n	good _ness
goodness	v	good _ness
goods	n	good _s
goofballs	n	goofball _s
goofed	v	goof _ed
goofiness	n	goof _y _ness
goofing	v	goof _ing
goofs	n	goof _s
goofs	v	goof _es
goofy	a	goof _y
goofy	n	goof _y
goofy	v	goof _y
googled	v	google _ed
googles	n	google _s
googles	v	google _es
gooks	n	gook _s
goons	n	goon _s
goosebumps	n	goosebump _s
goosed	v	goose _ed
gooses	n	goose _s
gooses	v	goose _es
gophers	n	gopher _s
gored	v	gore _ed
gores	n	gore _s
gores	v	gore _es
gorged	v	gorge _ed
gorgeous	a	gorge _ous
gorgeously	n	gorge _ous _ly
gorgeously	r	gorge _ous _ly
gorges	n	gorge _s
gorges	v	gorge _es
gorgons	n	gorgon _s
gorillas	n	gorilla _s
gory	a	gore _y
gory	n	gore _y
goshawks	n	goshawk _s
goslings	n	gosling _s
gospels	n	gospel _s
gossiped	v	gossip _ed
gossipers	n	gossiper _s
gossiping	v	gossip _ing
gossips	n	gossip _s
gossips	v	gossip _es
gossipy	a	gossip _y
gossipy	n	gossip _y
goths	n	goth _s
gouaches	n	gouache _s
gouged	v	gouge _ed
gougers	n	gouger _s
gouges	n	gouge _s
gouges	v	gouge _es
goulashes	n	goulash _s
gourdes	n	gourde _s
gourds	n	gourd _s
gourmands	n	gourmand _s
gourmets	n	gourmet _s
gouty	a	gout _y
gouty	n	gout _y
governable	a	govern _able
governed	v	govern _ed
governesses	n	governess _s
governing	v	govern _ing
government	n	govern _ment
governmental	a	govern _ment _al
governmental	n	govern _ment _al
governmental	v	govern _ment _al
governments	n	govern _ment _s
governors	n	governor _s
governs	v	govern _es
gowned	v	gown _ed
gowning	v	gown _ing
gowns	n	gown _s
gowns	v	gown _es
grabbed	v	grab _ed
grabber	n	grab _er
grabbers	n	grab _er _s
grabbing	v	grab _ing
grabs	n	grab _s
grabs	v	grab _es
graced	v	grace _ed
graceful	a	grace _ful
graceful	n	grace _ful
graceful	v	grace _ful
gracefully	r	grace _ful _ly
graceless	a	grace _less
graceless	n	grace _less
graceless	r	grace _less
graces	n	grace _s
graces	v	grace _es
gracious	a	grace _ous
gracious	n	grace _ous
graciously	n	grace _ous _ly
graciously	r	grace _ous _ly
graciousness	n	grace _ous _ness
grackles	n	grackle _s
gradations	n	gradation _s
graded	v	grade _ed
graders	n	grader _s
grades	n	grade _s
grades	v	grade _es
gradients	n	gradient _s
grads	n	grad _s
gradually	n	grade _al _ly
gradually	r	grade _al _ly
gradually	v	grade _al _ly
graduated	v	graduate _ed
graduates	n	graduate _s
graduates	v	graduate _es
graduations	n	graduation _s
grafted	v	graft _ed
grafter	n	graft _er
grafting	v	graft _ing
grafts	n	graft _s
grafts	v	graft _es
grahams	n	graham _s
grained	v	grain _ed
grains	n	grain _s
grains	v	grain _es
grammarians	n	grammarian _s
grammars	n	grammar _s
grammatically	r	grammar _cal _ly
gramophones	n	gramophone _s
grams	n	gram _s
grandchildren	n	grandchild _ren
granddads	n	granddad _s
granddaughters	n	granddaughter _s
grandees	n	grandee _s
grander	a	grand _er
grandest	a	grand _est
grandfathers	n	grandfather _s
grandly	r	grand _ly
grandmas	n	grandma _s
grandmothers	n	grandmother _s
grandness	n	grand _ness
grandnieces	n	grandniece _s
grandparents	n	grandparent _s
grandpas	n	grandpa _s
grands	n	grand _s
grandsons	n	grandson _s
grandstanded	v	grandstand _ed
grandstanding	v	grandstand _ing
grandstands	n	grandstand _s
grandstands	v	grandstand _es
granges	n	grange _s
grans	n	gran _s
granted	v	grant _ed
grantees	n	grantee _s
granters	n	granter _s
granting	v	grant _ing
grants	n	grant _s
grants	v	grant _es
granulated	v	granulate _ed
granules	n	granule _s
grapefruits	n	grapefruit _s
grapes	n	grape _s
grapevines	n	grapevine _s
graphed	v	graph _ed
graphic	a	graph _ic
graphic	n	graph _ic
graphic	o	graph _ic
graphic	v	graph _ic
graphics	n	graph _ic _s
graphing	v	graph _ing
graphologists	n	graphology _ist _s
graphs	n	graph _s
graphs	v	graph _es
grapnels	n	grapnel _s
grappled	v	grapple _ed
grapples	n	grapple _s
grapples	v	grapple _es
grasped	v	grasp _ed
grasping	v	grasp _ing
grasps	n	grasp _s
grasps	v	grasp _es
grassed	v	grass _ed
grasses	n	grass _s
grasses	v	grass _es
grasshoppers	n	grasshopper _s
grassing	v	grass _ing
grasslands	n	grassland _s
grassy	a	grass _y
grassy	n	grass _y
grassy	v	grass _y
grated	v	grate _ed
gratefully	n	grate _ful _ly
gratefully	r	grate _ful _ly
gratefulness	n	grate _ful _ness
grater	a	grate _er
grater	n	grate _er
graters	n	grate _er _s
grates	n	grate _s
grates	v	grate _es
gratifications	n	gratification _s
gratifying	v	gratify _ing
gratifyingly	r	gratify _ing _ly
gratings	n	grating _s
gratuitous	a	gratuity _ous
gratuitously	r	gratuity _ous _ly
graved	v	grave _ed
gravediggers	n	gravedigger _s
gravelled	v	gravel _ed
gravelly	a	gravel _y
gravelly	n	gravel _y
gravelly	r	gravel _y
gravels	n	gravel _s
gravely	n	grave _ly
gravely	r	grave _ly
graven	v	grave _n
graver	a	grave _r
graves	v	grave _es
gravest	a	grave _st
gravestones	n	gravestone _s
graveyards	n	graveyard _s
gravimeters	n	gravimeter _s
gravitated	v	gravitate _ed
gravitates	v	gravitate _es
gravitational	a	gravity _ion _al
gravitational	n	gravity _ion _al
gravity	a	grave _ity
gravity	n	grave _ity
gravity	v	grave _ity
graybeards	n	graybeard _s
grazed	v	graze _ed
grazes	n	graz _s
grazes	v	graze _es
greased	v	grease _ed
greaser	n	grease _er
greasers	n	grease _er _s
greases	n	grease _s
greases	v	grease _es
greasy	a	grease _y
greasy	n	grease _y
greasy	o	grease _y
greasy	v	grease _y
greatcoats	n	greatcoat _s
greater	a	great _er
greatest	a	great _est
greatly	a	great _ly
greatly	n	great _ly
greatly	r	great _ly
greatly	v	great _ly
greatness	a	great _ness
greatness	n	great _ness
greatness	v	great _ness
greats	n	great _s
grebes	n	grebe _s
greedily	a	greed _y _ly
greedily	r	greed _y _ly
greedily	v	greed _y _ly
greediness	a	greed _y _ness
greediness	n	greed _y _ness
greedy	a	greed _y
greedy	n	greed _y
greedy	v	greed _y
greenbacks	n	greenback _s
greenbelts	n	greenbelt _s
greened	v	green _ed
greener	a	green _er
greenest	a	green _est
greengages	n	greengage _s
greengrocers	n	greengrocer _s
greenhorns	n	greenhorn _s
greenhouses	n	greenhouse _s
greening	v	green _ing
greenness	n	green _ness
greenrooms	n	greenroom _s
greens	n	green _s
greens	v	green _es
greeted	v	greet _ed
greeters	n	greeter _s
greeting	v	greet _ing
greetings	n	greeting _s
greetings	v	greet _es
greets	v	greet _es
gregariously	r	gregarious _ly
gregariousness	n	gregarious _ness
gremlins	n	gremlin _s
grenades	n	grenade _s
grenadiers	n	grenadier _s
greyed	v	grey _ed
greyer	a	grey _er
greyest	a	grey _est
greyhounds	n	greyhound _s
greying	v	grey _ing
greyness	n	grey _ness
greys	n	grey _s
greys	v	grey _es
griddlecakes	n	griddlecake _s
griddles	n	griddle _s
gridirons	n	gridiron _s
gridlocks	n	gridlock _s
grids	n	grid _s
griefs	n	grief _s
grievances	n	grievance _s
grieved	v	grieve _ed
grievers	n	griever _s
grieves	v	grieve _es
grievous	a	grief _ous
grievous	v	grief _ous
grievously	r	grief _ous _ly
griffins	n	griffin _s
griffons	n	griffon _s
grilled	v	grill _ed
grilles	n	grille _s
grilles	v	grill _es
grilling	v	grill _ing
grillings	n	grilling _s
grills	n	grill _s
grills	v	grill _es
grimaced	v	grimace _ed
grimaces	n	grimace _s
grimaces	v	grimace _es
grimed	v	grime _ed
grimes	n	grime _s
grimes	v	grime _es
grimly	a	grim _ly
grimly	n	grim _ly
grimly	r	grim _ly
grimly	v	grim _ly
grimmer	a	grim _er
grimmest	a	grim _est
grimness	n	grim _ness
grimy	a	grime _y
grimy	n	grime _y
grimy	o	grime _y
grimy	v	grime _y
grinder	n	grind _er
grinder	v	grind _er
grinders	n	grind _er _s
grinding	v	grind _ing
grindings	n	grinding _s
grinds	n	grind _s
grinds	v	grind _es
grindstones	n	grindstone _s
gringos	n	gringo _s
grinned	v	grin _ed
grinning	v	grin _ing
grins	n	grin _s
grins	v	grin _es
griped	v	grip _ed
gripes	n	gripe _s
gripes	v	grip _es
griping	v	grip _ing
gripped	v	grip _ed
gripping	v	grip _ing
grips	n	grip _s
grips	v	grip _es
gristly	r	grist _le _y
grits	n	grit _s
grits	v	grit _es
gritted	v	grit _ed
gritting	v	grit _ing
gritty	a	grit _y
gritty	n	grit _y
gritty	o	grit _y
gritty	r	grit _y
gritty	v	grit _y
grizzled	v	grizzle _ed
grizzles	n	grizzle _s
grizzly	a	grizzle _y
grizzly	n	grizzle _y
groaned	v	groan _ed
groaning	v	groan _ing
groans	n	groan _s
groans	v	groan _es
groats	n	groat _s
grocers	n	grocer _s
groggily	r	grog _y _ly
groggy	a	grog _y
groggy	n	grog _y
groggy	v	grog _y
groins	n	groin _s
grommets	n	grommet _s
groomed	v	groom _ed
grooming	v	groom _ing
grooms	n	groom _s
grooms	v	groom _es
grooved	v	groove _ed
grooves	n	groove _s
grooves	v	groove _es
groovy	a	groove _y
groovy	n	groove _y
groovy	v	groove _y
groped	v	grope _ed
gropes	n	grope _s
gropes	v	grope _es
grosbeaks	n	grosbeak _s
grossed	v	gross _ed
grosser	a	gross _er
grosses	n	gross _s
grosses	v	gross _es
grossest	a	gross _est
grossing	v	gross _ing
grossly	r	gross _ly
grossness	n	gross _ness
grossness	v	gross _ness
grotesquely	a	grotesque _ly
grotesquely	n	grotesque _ly
grotesquely	r	grotesque _ly
grotesques	n	grotesque _s
grottoes	n	grotto _s
grouches	n	grouch _s
grouches	v	grouch _es
grouching	v	grouch _ing
grouchy	n	grouch _y
groundbreakings	n	groundbreaking _s
grounded	v	ground _ed
grounders	n	grounder _s
groundhogs	n	groundhog _s
grounding	v	ground _ing
groundings	n	grounding _s
groundless	a	ground _less
groundless	n	ground _less
groundless	r	ground _less
groundnuts	n	groundnut _s
grounds	n	ground _s
grounds	v	ground _es
groundsheets	n	groundsheet _s
groundskeepers	n	groundskeeper _s
grouped	v	group _ed
groupers	n	grouper _s
groupies	n	groupie _s
grouping	v	group _ing
groupings	n	grouping _s
groupings	v	group _es
groups	n	group _s
groups	v	group _es
groused	v	grouse _ed
grouses	n	grouse _s
grouses	v	grouse _es
grouted	v	grout _ed
grouting	v	grout _ing
grouts	n	grout _s
groveled	v	grovel _ed
groveling	v	grovel _ing
grovelled	v	grovel _ed
grovelling	v	grovel _ing
grovels	v	grovel _es
groves	n	grove _s
grower	a	grow _er
grower	n	grow _er
growers	n	grow _er _s
growing	v	grow _ing
growled	v	growl _ed
growler	n	growl _er
growlers	n	growl _er _s
growling	v	growl _ing
growls	n	growl _s
growls	v	growl _es
grown	v	grow _n
grownups	n	grownup _s
grows	v	grow _es
growths	n	growth _s
groynes	n	groyne _s
grubbed	v	grub _ed
grubbing	v	grub _ing
grubby	a	grub _y
grubby	n	grub _y
grubby	r	grub _y
grubby	v	grub _y
grubs	n	grub _s
grubs	v	grub _es
grudged	v	grudge _ed
grudges	n	grudge _s
grudges	v	grudge _es
grudgingly	r	grudge _ing _ly
gruesomely	r	gruesome _ly
gruesomeness	n	gruesome _ness
gruesomest	a	gruesome _st
gruffest	a	gruff _est
gruffly	a	gruff _ly
gruffly	n	gruff _ly
gruffly	v	gruff _ly
gruffness	n	gruff _ness
grumbled	v	grumble _ed
grumblers	n	grumble _er _s
grumbles	n	grumble _s
grumbles	v	grumble _es
grumblings	n	grumbling _s
grumpily	r	grumpy _ly
grumpiness	n	grumpy _ness
grumps	n	grump _s
grunted	v	grunt _ed
grunting	v	grunt _ing
grunts	n	grunt _s
grunts	v	grunt _es
gs	n	g _s
guaranteed	v	guarantee _ed
guaranteeing	v	guarantee _ing
guarantees	n	guarantee _s
guarantees	v	guarantee _es
guarantors	n	guarantor _s
guarded	v	guard _ed
guardedly	r	guard _ed _ly
guardhouses	n	guardhouse _s
guardians	n	guardian _s
guarding	v	guard _ing
guardrails	n	guardrail _s
guards	n	guard _s
guards	v	guard _es
guavas	n	guava _s
guerrillas	n	guerrilla _s
guessed	v	guess _ed
guessers	n	guesser _s
guesses	n	guess _s
guesses	v	guess _es
guessing	v	guess _ing
guesstimated	v	guesstimate _ed
guesstimates	n	guesstimate _s
guesstimates	v	guesstimate _es
guesthouses	n	guesthouse _s
guestrooms	n	guestroom _s
guests	n	guest _s
guffawed	v	guffaw _ed
guffawing	v	guffaw _ing
guffaws	n	guffaw _s
guffaws	v	guffaw _es
guidebooks	n	guidebook _s
guided	v	guide _ed
guidelines	n	guideline _s
guideposts	n	guidepost _s
guides	n	guide _s
guides	v	guide _es
guilders	n	guilder _s
guildhalls	n	guildhall _s
guilds	n	guild _s
guileless	a	guile _less
guileless	n	guile _less
guillemots	n	guillemot _s
guillotined	v	guillotine _ed
guillotines	n	guillotine _s
guiltily	r	guilt _y _ly
guiltless	a	guilt _less
guiltless	n	guilt _less
guilty	a	guilt _y
guineas	n	guinea _s
guises	n	guise _s
guitarists	n	guitarist _s
guitars	n	guitar _s
gulags	n	gulag _s
gulfs	n	gulf _s
gulled	v	gull _ed
gullets	n	gullet _s
gullibility	n	gullible _ity
gulling	v	gull _ing
gulls	n	gull _s
gulls	v	gull _es
gulped	v	gulp _ed
gulpers	n	gulper _s
gulping	v	gulp _ing
gulps	n	gulp _s
gulps	v	gulp _es
gumdrops	n	gumdrop _s
gummed	v	gum _ed
gumming	v	gum _ing
gummy	a	gum _y
gummy	n	gum _y
gummy	v	gum _y
gums	n	gum _s
gums	v	gum _es
gumshoes	n	gumshoe _s
gunboats	n	gunboat _s
gunfights	n	gunfight _s
gunned	v	gun _ed
gunnels	n	gunnel _s
gunner	n	gun _er
gunners	n	gun _er _s
gunning	v	gun _ing
gunrunners	n	gunrunner _s
guns	n	gun _s
guns	v	gun _es
gunshots	n	gunshot _s
gunslingers	n	gunslinger _s
gunsmiths	n	gunsmith _s
gunwales	n	gunwale _s
gurgled	v	gurgle _ed
gurgles	n	gurgle _s
gurgles	v	gurgle _es
gurneys	n	gurney _s
gurus	n	guru _s
gushed	v	gush _ed
gusher	n	gush _er
gushers	n	gush _er _s
gushes	n	gush _s
gushes	v	gush _es
gushing	v	gush _ing
gussets	n	gusset _s
gusts	n	gust _s
gusty	a	gust _y
gusty	n	gust _y
gutless	a	gut _less
gutless	n	gut _less
gutless	v	gut _less
guts	n	gut _s
guts	v	gut _es
guttered	v	gutter _ed
guttering	v	gutter _ing
gutters	n	gutter _s
guttersnipes	n	guttersnipe _s
gutturals	n	guttural _s
guvnors	n	guvnor _s
guyed	v	guy _ed
guying	v	guy _ing
guys	n	guy _s
guys	v	guy _es
guzzled	v	guzzle _ed
guzzler	n	guzzle _er
guzzlers	n	guzzle _er _s
guzzles	v	guzzle _es
gymkhanas	n	gymkhana _s
gymnasiums	n	gymnasium _s
gymnastic	a	gymnast _ic
gymnasts	n	gymnast _s
gymnosperms	n	gymnosperm _s
gyms	n	gym _s
gymslips	n	gymslip _s
gynecologists	n	gynecologist _s
gypped	v	gyp _ed
gyps	n	gyp _s
gyrated	v	gyrate _ed
gyrates	v	gyrate _es
gyration	n	gyrate _ion
gyrations	n	gyrate _ion _s
gyrfalcons	n	gyrfalcon _s
gyros	n	gyro _s
gyroscopes	n	gyroscope _s
gyroscopic	a	gyroscope _ic
gyroscopic	n	gyroscope _ic
haberdashers	n	haberdasher _s
habitations	n	habitation _s
habitats	n	habitat _s
habits	n	habit _s
habits	v	habit _es
habitually	n	habit _al _ly
habitually	r	habit _al _ly
habituated	v	habituate _ed
habituates	v	habituate _es
habitues	n	habitue _s
haciendas	n	hacienda _s
hacked	v	hack _ed
hackers	n	hacker _s
hacking	v	hack _ing
hackles	n	hackle _s
hackles	v	hackle _es
hackneys	n	hackney _s
hacks	n	hack _s
hacks	v	hack _es
hacksaws	n	hacksaw _s
haddocks	n	haddock _s
hafts	n	haft _s
haggises	n	haggis _s
haggled	v	haggle _ed
hagglers	n	haggler _s
haggles	n	haggle _s
haggles	v	haggle _es
hagiographers	n	hagiographer _s
hags	n	hag _s
hailed	v	hail _ed
hailing	v	hail _ing
hails	n	hail _s
hails	v	hail _es
hailstones	n	hailstone _s
hailstorms	n	hailstorm _s
hairballs	n	hairball _s
hairbrushes	n	hairbrush _s
haircuts	n	haircut _s
hairdos	n	hairdo _s
hairdressers	n	hairdresser _s
hairiness	n	hair _y _ness
hairless	a	hair _less
hairless	n	hair _less
hairlines	n	hairline _s
hairnets	n	hairnet _s
hairpieces	n	hairpiece _s
hairpins	n	hairpin _s
hairs	n	hair _s
hairsprings	n	hairspring _s
hairstyles	n	hairstyle _s
hairstylists	n	hairstylist _s
hairy	a	hair _y
hairy	n	hair _y
hairy	v	hair _y
hajjis	n	hajji _s
hakes	n	hake _s
halberds	n	halberd _s
haled	v	hale _ed
hales	n	hale _s
hales	v	hale _es
halfbacks	n	halfback _s
hallelujahs	n	hallelujah _s
hallmarks	n	hallmark _s
hallooing	v	halloo _ing
halloos	n	halloo _s
hallowed	v	hallow _ed
hallowing	v	hallow _ing
hallows	v	hallow _es
halls	n	hall _s
hallucinated	v	hallucinate _ed
hallucinates	v	hallucinate _es
hallucinations	n	hallucination _s
hallucinogens	n	hallucinogen _s
hallways	n	hallway _s
halogens	n	halogen _s
halos	n	halo _s
halted	v	halt _ed
haltered	v	halter _ed
halters	n	halter _s
halting	v	halt _ing
haltingly	r	halt _ing _ly
halts	n	halt _s
halts	v	halt _es
halved	v	halve _ed
halves	v	halve _es
halyards	n	halyard _s
hamburgers	n	hamburger _s
hamlets	n	hamlet _s
hammed	v	ham _ed
hammered	v	hammer _ed
hammerheads	n	hammerhead _s
hammering	v	hammer _ing
hammerings	n	hammering _s
hammers	n	hammer _s
hammers	v	hammer _es
hammertoes	n	hammertoe _s
hamming	v	ham _ing
hammocks	n	hammock _s
hampered	v	hamper _ed
hampering	v	hamper _ing
hampers	n	hamper _s
hampers	v	hamper _es
hams	n	ham _s
hams	v	ham _es
hamsters	n	hamster _s
hamstringing	v	hamstring _ing
hamstrings	n	hamstring _s
hamstrings	v	hamstring _es
handbags	n	handbag _s
handballs	n	handball _s
handbills	n	handbill _s
handbooks	n	handbook _s
handcars	n	handcar _s
handcarts	n	handcart _s
handclasps	n	handclasp _s
handcrafted	v	handcraft _ed
handcrafting	v	handcraft _ing
handcrafts	n	handcraft _s
handcrafts	v	handcraft _es
handcuffed	v	handcuff _ed
handcuffing	v	handcuff _ing
handcuffs	n	handcuff _s
handcuffs	v	handcuff _es
handed	v	hand _ed
handful	a	hand _ful
handful	n	hand _ful
handfuls	n	hand _ful _s
handguns	n	handgun _s
handholds	n	handhold _s
handicapped	v	handicap _ed
handicappers	n	handicapper _s
handicapping	v	handicap _ing
handicaps	n	handicap _s
handicaps	v	handicap _es
handicrafts	n	handicraft _s
handily	r	hand _y _ly
handiness	n	hand _y _ness
handing	v	hand _ing
handkerchiefs	n	handkerchief _s
handlebars	n	handlebar _s
handled	v	handle _ed
handler	n	handle _er
handlers	n	handle _er _s
handles	n	handle _s
handles	v	handle _es
handmaidens	n	handmaiden _s
handmaids	n	handmaid _s
handouts	n	handout _s
handovers	n	handover _s
handrails	n	handrail _s
hands	n	hand _s
hands	v	hand _es
handsaws	n	handsaw _s
handsets	n	handset _s
handshakes	n	handshake _s
handshakings	n	handshaking _s
handsomely	a	handsome _ly
handsomely	r	handsome _ly
handsomer	a	handsome _r
handsomest	a	handsome _st
handsprings	n	handspring _s
handstands	n	handstand _s
handy	a	hand _y
handy	n	hand _y
handy	r	hand _y
handy	v	hand _y
hangars	n	hangar _s
hanged	v	hang _ed
hanger	a	hang _er
hanger	n	hang _er
hangers	n	hang _er _s
hanging	v	hang _ing
hangings	n	hanging _s
hangings	v	hang _es
hangnails	n	hangnail _s
hangouts	n	hangout _s
hangovers	n	hangover _s
hangs	n	hang _s
hangs	v	hang _es
hankered	v	hanker _ed
hankering	v	hanker _ing
hankerings	n	hankering _s
hankers	v	hanker _es
hanks	n	hank _s
hansoms	n	hansom _s
haphazardly	r	haphazard _ly
hapless	a	happ _less
hapless	n	happ _less
hapless	r	happ _less
hapless	v	happ _less
haploids	n	haploid _s
happened	v	happen _ed
happening	v	happen _ing
happenings	n	happening _s
happenings	v	happen _es
happens	v	happen _es
happenstances	n	happenstance _s
happily	a	happ _ly
happily	n	happ _ly
happily	r	happ _ly
happily	v	happ _ly
happiness	a	happ _y _ness
happiness	n	happ _y _ness
happiness	r	happ _y _ness
happiness	v	happ _y _ness
happy	a	happ _y
happy	n	happ _y
happy	v	happ _y
harangued	v	harangue _ed
harangues	n	harangue _s
harangues	v	harangue _es
harassed	v	harass _ed
harassers	n	harasser _s
harasses	v	harass _es
harassing	v	harass _ing
harassment	a	harass _ment
harassment	n	harass _ment
harassment	v	harass _ment
harbingers	n	harbinger _s
harboured	v	harbour _ed
harbouring	v	harbour _ing
harbours	n	harbour _s
harbours	v	harbour _es
hardbacks	n	hardback _s
hardcovers	n	hardcover _s
hardened	v	harden _ed
hardening	v	harden _ing
hardens	v	harden _es
harder	a	hard _er
harder	r	hard _er
hardest	a	hard _est
hardest	r	hard _est
hardiness	a	hard _y _ness
hardiness	n	hard _y _ness
hardliner	a	hardline _r
hardliners	n	hardliner _s
hardly	a	hard _ly
hardly	r	hard _ly
hardly	v	hard _ly
hardness	a	hard _ness
hardness	n	hard _ness
hardness	o	hard _ness
hardness	v	hard _ness
hardships	n	hardship _s
hardtops	n	hardtop _s
hardwoods	n	hardwood _s
hardy	a	hard _y
hardy	n	hard _y
hardy	o	hard _y
hardy	v	hard _y
harebells	n	harebell _s
hared	v	hare _ed
harems	n	harem _s
hares	n	hare _s
hares	v	hare _es
haricots	n	haricot _s
harked	v	hark _ed
harking	v	hark _ing
harks	v	hark _es
harlequins	n	harlequin _s
harlequins	v	harlequin _es
harlots	n	harlot _s
harmed	v	harm _ed
harmful	a	harm _ful
harmful	n	harm _ful
harmful	v	harm _ful
harmfully	r	harm _ful _ly
harmfulness	n	harm _ful _ness
harming	v	harm _ing
harmless	a	harm _less
harmless	n	harm _less
harmless	r	harm _less
harmless	v	harm _less
harmlessly	r	harm _less _ly
harmonic	a	harmony _ic
harmonic	n	harmony _ic
harmonicas	n	harmonica _s
harmonics	n	harmony _ic _s
harmonious	a	harmony _ous
harmoniously	r	harmony _ous _ly
harmonize	n	harmony _ize
harmonize	v	harmony _ize
harmonized	v	harmony _ize _ed
harmonizers	n	harmonizer _s
harmonizes	v	harmony _ize _es
harms	n	harm _s
harms	v	harm _es
harnessed	v	harness _ed
harnesses	n	harness _s
harnesses	v	harness _es
harnessing	v	harness _ing
harped	v	harp _ed
harping	v	harp _ing
harpists	n	harpist _s
harpooned	v	harpoon _ed
harpooning	v	harpoon _ing
harpoons	n	harpoon _s
harps	n	harp _s
harps	v	harp _es
harpsichords	n	harpsichord _s
harridans	n	harridan _s
harrier	a	harry _er
harrier	n	harry _er
harrier	r	harry _er
harrier	v	harry _er
harriers	n	harry _er _s
harrowed	v	harrow _ed
harrowing	v	harrow _ing
harrows	n	harrow _s
harrows	v	harrow _es
harrying	v	harry _ing
harsher	a	harsh _er
harshest	a	harsh _est
harshly	a	harsh _ly
harshly	n	harsh _ly
harshly	r	harsh _ly
harshly	v	harsh _ly
harshness	n	harsh _ness
harts	n	hart _s
harvested	v	harvest _ed
harvester	n	harvest _er
harvesters	n	harvest _er _s
harvesting	v	harvest _ing
harvests	n	harvest _s
harvests	v	harvest _es
has	n	ha _s
hashed	v	hash _ed
hashes	n	hash _s
hashes	v	hash _es
hashing	v	hash _ing
hasps	n	hasp _s
hassled	v	hassle _ed
hassles	n	hassle _s
hassles	v	hassle _es
hassocks	n	hassock _s
hastened	v	hasten _ed
hastening	v	hasten _ing
hastens	v	hasten _es
hastily	n	haste _y _ly
hastily	r	haste _y _ly
hasty	a	haste _y
hasty	n	haste _y
hasty	v	haste _y
hatboxes	n	hatbox _s
hatchbacks	n	hatchback _s
hatched	v	hatch _ed
hatches	n	hatch _s
hatches	v	hatch _es
hatchets	n	hatchet _s
hatching	v	hatch _ing
hatchways	n	hatchway _s
hated	v	hate _ed
hateful	a	hate _ful
hateful	n	hate _ful
hatefully	r	hate _ful _ly
hatemongers	n	hatemonger _s
haters	n	hater _s
hates	n	hate _s
hates	v	hate _es
hating	v	hate _ing
hatpins	n	hatpin _s
hatreds	n	hatred _s
hats	n	hat _s
hats	v	hat _es
hatted	v	hat _ed
hatter	n	hat _er
hatters	n	hat _er _s
hatting	v	hat _ing
hauberks	n	hauberk _s
haughtily	a	haughty _ly
haughtily	n	haughty _ly
haughtily	r	haughty _ly
haughtiness	n	haught _y _ness
haughtiness	v	haught _y _ness
hauled	v	haul _ed
haulers	n	hauler _s
hauliers	n	haulier _s
hauling	v	haul _ing
hauls	n	haul _s
hauls	v	haul _es
haunches	n	haunch _s
haunted	v	haunt _ed
haunting	v	haunt _ing
haunts	n	haunt _s
haunts	v	haunt _es
havens	n	haven _s
haversacks	n	haversack _s
haves	n	have _s
haves	v	have _es
hawed	v	haw _ed
hawing	v	haw _ing
hawked	v	hawk _ed
hawker	a	hawk _er
hawker	n	hawk _er
hawker	v	hawk _er
hawkers	n	hawk _er _s
hawking	v	hawk _ing
hawks	n	hawk _s
hawks	v	hawk _es
haws	n	haw _s
haws	v	haw _es
hawsers	n	hawser _s
hawthorns	n	hawthorn _s
haycocks	n	haycock _s
hayed	v	hay _ed
haying	v	hay _ing
haylofts	n	hayloft _s
haymakers	n	haymaker _s
hayricks	n	hayrick _s
hays	n	hay _s
hays	v	hay _es
hayseeds	n	hayseed _s
haystacks	n	haystack _s
hazarded	v	hazard _ed
hazarding	v	hazard _ing
hazardous	a	hazard _ous
hazardous	v	hazard _ous
hazards	n	hazard _s
hazards	v	hazard _es
hazed	v	haze _ed
hazelnuts	n	hazelnut _s
hazels	n	hazel _s
hazes	n	haze _s
hazes	v	haze _es
hazily	n	haze _y _ly
hazily	r	haze _y _ly
haziness	n	haze _y _ness
hazy	a	haze _y
hazy	n	haze _y
hazy	r	haze _y
hazy	v	haze _y
headaches	n	headache _s
headbands	n	headband _s
headboards	n	headboard _s
headbutted	v	headbutt _ed
headbutting	v	headbutt _ing
headbutts	v	headbutt _es
headcounts	n	headcount _s
headdresses	n	headdress _s
headed	v	head _ed
header	a	head _er
header	n	head _er
header	r	head _er
header	v	head _er
headers	n	head _er _s
headhunters	n	headhunter _s
heading	v	head _ing
headings	n	heading _s
headlamps	n	headlamp _s
headlands	n	headland _s
headless	a	head _less
headless	n	head _less
headlights	n	headlight _s
headlined	v	headline _ed
headliners	n	headliner _s
headlines	n	headline _s
headlines	v	headline _es
headlocks	n	headlock _s
headmasters	n	headmaster _s
headmistresses	n	headmistress _s
headphones	n	headphone _s
headpieces	n	headpiece _s
headquartered	v	headquarter _ed
headquarters	v	headquarter _es
headrests	n	headrest _s
heads	n	head _s
heads	v	head _es
headsets	n	headset _s
headships	n	headship _s
headstands	n	headstand _s
headstones	n	headstone _s
headwaters	n	headwater _s
headwinds	n	headwind _s
headwords	n	headword _s
heady	a	head _y
heady	n	head _y
healed	v	heal _ed
healer	n	heal _er
healers	n	heal _er _s
healing	v	heal _ing
heals	v	heal _es
healthful	a	health _ful
healthily	a	health _y _ly
healthily	r	health _y _ly
healthiness	n	health _y _ness
healthy	a	health _y
heaped	v	heap _ed
heaping	v	heap _ing
heaps	n	heap _s
heaps	v	heap _es
heard	v	hear _ed
hearer	a	hear _er
hearer	n	hear _er
hearer	v	hear _er
hearers	n	hear _er _s
hearing	v	hear _ing
hearings	n	hearing _s
hearings	v	hear _es
hearkened	v	hearken _ed
hearkening	v	hearken _ing
hearkens	v	hearken _es
hears	v	hear _es
hearses	n	hearse _s
heartaches	n	heartache _s
heartbeats	n	heartbeat _s
heartbreaks	n	heartbreak _s
heartened	v	hearten _ed
heartening	v	hearten _ing
heartens	v	hearten _es
hearths	n	hearth _s
heartily	a	heart _y _ly
heartily	n	heart _y _ly
heartily	r	heart _y _ly
heartily	v	heart _y _ly
heartiness	n	heart _y _ness
heartlands	n	heartland _s
heartless	a	heart _less
heartless	n	heart _less
heartless	r	heart _less
heartlessly	r	heart _less _ly
heartlessness	n	heart _less _ness
hearts	n	heart _s
heartthrobs	n	heartthrob _s
hearty	a	heart _y
hearty	n	heart _y
hearty	v	heart _y
heated	v	heat _ed
heatedly	r	heat _ed _ly
heater	n	heat _er
heater	r	heat _er
heaters	n	heat _er _s
heathens	n	heathen _s
heaths	n	heath _s
heating	v	heat _ing
heats	n	heat _s
heats	v	heat _es
heaved	v	heave _ed
heavens	n	heaven _s
heavers	n	heaver _s
heaves	n	heave _s
heaves	v	heave _es
heavily	r	heave _y _ly
heaviness	n	heave _y _ness
heaviness	v	heave _y _ness
heavy	a	heave _y
heavy	n	heave _y
heavy	r	heave _y
heavy	v	heave _y
heavyweights	n	heavyweight _s
heckled	v	heckle _ed
heckler	n	heckle _er
heckler	v	heckle _er
hecklers	n	heckle _er _s
heckles	n	heckle _s
heckles	v	heckle _es
hectares	n	hectare _s
hectored	v	hector _ed
hectoring	v	hector _ing
hectors	n	hector _s
hectors	v	hector _es
hedged	v	hedge _ed
hedgehogs	n	hedgehog _s
hedgehopping	v	hedgehop _ing
hedgerows	n	hedgerow _s
hedgers	n	hedger _s
hedges	n	hedge _s
hedges	v	hedge _es
hedonist	n	hedon _ism _ist
hedonistic	a	hedonism _ist _ic
hedonists	n	hedon _ism _ist _s
heeded	v	heed _ed
heedful	a	heed _ful
heeding	v	heed _ing
heedless	a	heed _less
heedless	n	heed _less
heedlessly	r	heed _less _ly
heeds	n	heed _s
heeds	v	heed _es
heeled	v	heel _ed
heeling	v	heel _ing
heels	n	heel _s
heels	v	heel _es
hefted	v	heft _ed
hefting	v	heft _ing
hefts	n	heft _s
hefts	v	heft _es
heifers	n	heifer _s
heightened	v	heighten _ed
heightening	v	heighten _ing
heightens	v	heighten _es
heights	n	height _s
heinousness	n	heinous _ness
heiresses	n	heiress _s
heirlooms	n	heirloom _s
heirs	n	heir _s
heisted	v	heist _ed
heists	n	heist _s
heists	v	heist _es
helicopters	n	helicopter _s
heliotropes	n	heliotrope _s
heliports	n	heliport _s
hellcats	n	hellcat _s
hellholes	n	hellhole _s
hellions	n	hellion _s
hellishly	r	hell _ish _ly
hellos	n	hello _s
helmets	n	helmet _s
helms	n	helm _s
helms	v	helm _es
helots	n	helot _s
helped	v	help _ed
helper	a	help _er
helper	n	help _er
helper	v	help _er
helpers	n	help _er _s
helpful	a	help _ful
helpful	n	help _ful
helpful	v	help _ful
helpfully	r	help _ful _ly
helpfulness	n	help _ful _ness
helping	v	help _ing
helpings	n	helping _s
helpless	a	help _less
helpless	n	help _less
helpless	r	help _less
helpless	v	help _less
helplessly	r	help _less _ly
helplessness	n	help _less _ness
helpmates	n	helpmate _s
helps	n	help _s
helps	v	help _es
helves	n	helve _s
hematologists	n	hematologist _s
hemispheres	n	hemisphere _s
hemlines	n	hemline _s
hemlocks	n	hemlock _s
hemmed	v	hem _ed
hemming	v	hem _ing
hemophiliacs	n	hemophiliac _s
hemorrhaged	v	hemorrhage _ed
hemorrhages	n	hemorrhage _s
hemorrhages	v	hemorrhage _es
hemorrhoids	n	hemorrhoid _s
hems	n	hem _s
hems	v	hem _es
hens	n	hen _s
hepper	a	hep _er
heralded	v	herald _ed
heraldic	a	heraldry _ic
heraldic	n	heraldry _ic
heraldic	r	heraldry _ic
heralding	v	herald _ing
heralds	n	herald _s
heralds	v	herald _es
herbal	a	herb _al
herbal	n	herb _al
herbal	v	herb _al
herbalists	n	herbalist _s
herbals	n	herb _al _s
herbicides	n	herbicide _s
herbivores	n	herbivore _s
herbs	n	herb _s
herded	v	herd _ed
herders	n	herder _s
herding	v	herd _ing
herds	n	herd _s
herds	v	herd _es
heretic	a	heresy _ic
heretic	n	heresy _ic
heretical	a	heresy _ic _al
heretics	n	heresy _ic _s
heritages	n	heritage _s
hermaphrodites	n	hermaphrodite _s
hermaphroditic	a	hermaphrodite _ic
hermitages	n	hermitage _s
hermits	n	hermit _s
hernias	n	hernia _s
heroes	n	hero _s
heroic	a	hero _ic
heroic	n	hero _ic
heroic	o	hero _ic
heroic	v	hero _ic
heroics	n	hero _ic _s
heroines	n	heroine _s
herons	n	heron _s
herpetologists	n	herpetologist _s
herrings	n	herring _s
hes	n	he _s
hesitantly	r	hesitant _ly
hesitated	v	hesitate _ed
hesitates	v	hesitate _es
hesitations	n	hesitation _s
heterogeneity	n	heterogeneous _ity
heterogeneously	r	heterogeneous _ly
heterosexuality	n	heterosex _al _ity
heterosexually	r	heterosexual _ly
heterosexuals	n	heterosexual _s
heuristics	n	heuristic _s
hewed	v	hew _ed
hewer	n	hew _er
hewers	n	hew _er _s
hewing	v	hew _ing
hews	v	hew _es
hexagonal	a	hexagon _al
hexagonal	n	hexagon _al
hexagons	n	hexagon _s
hexagrams	n	hexagram _s
hexameters	n	hexameter _s
hexed	v	hex _ed
hexes	n	hex _s
hexes	v	hex _es
hexing	v	hex _ing
heydays	n	heyday _s
hiatuses	n	hiatus _s
hibachis	n	hibachi _s
hibernated	v	hibernate _ed
hibernates	v	hibernate _es
hibernation	n	hibernate _ion
hibiscuses	n	hibiscus _s
hiccoughs	n	hiccough _s
hiccuped	v	hiccup _ed
hiccuping	v	hiccup _ing
hiccups	n	hiccup _s
hiccups	v	hiccup _es
hickeys	n	hickey _s
hicks	n	hick _s
hideaways	n	hideaway _s
hideous	a	hide _ous
hideously	r	hide _ous _ly
hideousness	n	hide _ous _ness
hideouts	n	hideout _s
hides	n	hide _s
hides	v	hide _es
hidings	n	hiding _s
hied	v	hie _ed
hieing	v	hie _ing
hierarchic	a	hierarchy _ic
hierarchic	n	hierarchy _ic
hierarchically	r	hierarchy _al _ly
hieroglyphic	a	hieroglyph _ic
hieroglyphic	n	hieroglyph _ic
hieroglyphics	n	hieroglyph _ic _s
hieroglyphs	n	hieroglyph _s
hies	v	hie _es
highballs	n	highball _s
highbrows	n	highbrow _s
highchairs	n	highchair _s
higher	a	high _er
highest	a	high _est
highlander	a	highland _er
highlanders	n	highlander _s
highlands	n	highland _s
highlighted	v	highlight _ed
highlighters	n	highlighter _s
highlighting	v	highlight _ing
highlights	n	highlight _s
highlights	v	highlight _es
highly	r	high _ly
highness	a	high _ness
highness	n	high _ness
highs	n	high _s
hightailed	v	hightail _ed
hightailing	v	hightail _ing
highways	n	highway _s
hijabs	n	hijab _s
hijacked	v	hijack _ed
hijacker	n	hijack _er
hijackers	n	hijack _er _s
hijacking	v	hijack _ing
hijackings	n	hijacking _s
hijacks	n	hijack _s
hijacks	v	hijack _es
hiked	v	hike _ed
hiker	a	hike _er
hiker	n	hike _er
hikers	n	hike _er _s
hikes	n	hike _s
hikes	v	hike _es
hilariously	r	hilarious _ly
hilarity	n	hilarious _ity
hillocks	n	hillock _s
hills	n	hill _s
hills	v	hill _es
hillsides	n	hillside _s
hilltops	n	hilltop _s
hilly	a	hill _y
hilly	n	hill _y
hilly	r	hill _y
hilts	n	hilt _s
hinder	a	hind _er
hindered	v	hinder _ed
hindering	v	hinder _ing
hinders	v	hinder _es
hindquarters	n	hindquarter _s
hindrances	n	hindrance _s
hinds	n	hind _s
hinged	v	hinge _ed
hinges	n	hinge _s
hinges	v	hinge _es
hinted	v	hint _ed
hinterlands	n	hinterland _s
hinting	v	hint _ing
hints	n	hint _s
hints	v	hint _es
hipbones	n	hipbone _s
hipper	a	hip _er
hippest	a	hip _est
hippodromes	n	hippodrome _s
hippopotamuses	n	hippopotamus _s
hippos	n	hippo _s
hips	n	hip _s
hipsters	n	hipster _s
hired	v	hire _ed
hirelings	n	hireling _s
hires	n	hire _s
hires	v	hire _es
hissed	v	hiss _ed
hisses	n	hiss _s
hisses	v	hiss _es
hissing	v	hiss _ing
histamines	n	histamine _s
histograms	n	histogram _s
historians	n	historian _s
historic	a	history _ic
historic	n	history _ic
historic	v	history _ic
historically	a	history _ic _al _ly
historically	r	history _ic _al _ly
historiographers	n	historiographer _s
hitched	v	hitch _ed
hitches	n	hitch _s
hitches	v	hitch _es
hitchhiked	v	hitchhike _ed
hitchhiker	n	hitchhike _er
hitchhiker	v	hitchhike _er
hitchhikers	n	hitchhike _er _s
hitchhikes	v	hitchhike _es
hitching	v	hitch _ing
hits	n	hit _s
hits	v	hit _es
hitters	n	hitter _s
hitting	v	hit _ing
hived	v	hive _ed
hives	n	hive _s
hives	v	hive _es
hoarded	v	hoard _ed
hoarder	n	hoard _er
hoarders	n	hoard _er _s
hoarding	v	hoard _ing
hoardings	n	hoarding _s
hoards	n	hoard _s
hoards	v	hoard _es
hoarsely	a	hoarse _ly
hoarsely	r	hoarse _ly
hoarseness	a	hoarse _ness
hoarseness	n	hoarse _ness
hoarser	a	hoarse _r
hoary	a	hoar _y
hoary	n	hoar _y
hoaxed	v	hoax _ed
hoaxer	a	hoax _er
hoaxer	n	hoax _er
hoaxers	n	hoax _er _s
hoaxes	n	hoax _s
hoaxes	v	hoax _es
hoaxing	v	hoax _ing
hobbits	n	hobbit _s
hobbled	v	hobble _ed
hobbles	n	hobble _s
hobbles	v	hobble _es
hobbyhorses	n	hobbyhorse _s
hobbyists	n	hobbyist _s
hobgoblins	n	hobgoblin _s
hobnailed	v	hobnail _ed
hobnails	n	hobnail _s
hobnobbed	v	hobnob _ed
hobnobbing	v	hobnob _ing
hobnobs	v	hobnob _es
hobos	n	hobo _s
hobs	n	hob _s
hocked	v	hock _ed
hocking	v	hock _ing
hocks	n	hock _s
hocks	v	hock _es
hods	n	hod _s
hoecakes	n	hoecake _s
hoed	v	hoe _ed
hoeing	v	hoe _ing
hoes	n	hoe _s
hoes	v	hoe _es
hogans	n	hogan _s
hogbacks	n	hogback _s
hogged	v	hog _ed
hogging	v	hog _ing
hogs	n	hog _s
hogs	v	hog _es
hogsheads	n	hogshead _s
hoisted	v	hoist _ed
hoisting	v	hoist _ing
hoists	n	hoist _s
hoists	v	hoist _es
holdalls	n	holdall _s
holder	n	hold _er
holder	r	hold _er
holders	n	hold _er _s
holding	v	hold _ing
holdings	n	holding _s
holdings	v	hold _es
holdouts	n	holdout _s
holdovers	n	holdover _s
holds	n	hold _s
holds	v	hold _es
holdups	n	holdup _s
holed	v	hole _ed
holes	n	hole _s
holes	v	hole _es
holidayed	v	holiday _ed
holidaying	v	holiday _ing
holidaymakers	n	holidaymaker _s
holidays	n	holiday _s
holidays	v	holiday _es
holiness	n	holy _ness
holiness	v	holy _ness
hollered	v	holler _ed
hollering	v	holler _ing
hollers	n	holler _s
hollers	v	holler _es
hollowed	v	hollow _ed
hollower	a	hollow _er
hollowest	a	hollow _est
hollowing	v	hollow _ing
hollowly	r	hollow _ly
hollowness	n	hollow _ness
hollows	n	hollow _s
hollows	v	hollow _es
hollyhocks	n	hollyhock _s
holocausts	n	holocaust _s
holograms	n	hologram _s
holographs	n	holograph _s
holsters	n	holster _s
homages	n	homage _s
hombres	n	hombre _s
homburgs	n	homburg _s
homeboys	n	homeboy _s
homecomings	n	homecoming _s
homed	v	home _ed
homelands	n	homeland _s
homeless	a	home _less
homeless	n	home _less
homeless	r	home _less
homeless	v	home _less
homelessness	a	home _less _ness
homelessness	n	home _less _ness
homelessness	v	home _less _ness
homeliness	n	home _ly _ness
homemakers	n	homemaker _s
homeopaths	n	homeopath _s
homeowners	n	homeowner _s
homepages	n	homepage _s
homer	a	home _er
homer	n	home _er
homer	v	home _er
homered	v	home _er _ed
homering	v	home _er _ing
homerooms	n	homeroom _s
homers	n	home _er _s
homers	v	home _er _es
homes	n	home _s
homes	v	home _es
homesickness	n	homesick _ness
homesickness	v	homesick _ness
homesteaded	v	homestead _ed
homesteaders	n	homesteader _s
homesteading	v	homestead _ing
homesteads	n	homestead _s
homesteads	v	homestead _es
hometowns	n	hometown _s
homey	n	home _y
homey	v	home _y
homicidal	a	homicide _al
homicidal	n	homicide _al
homicidal	v	homicide _al
homicides	n	homicide _s
hominids	n	hominid _s
hominoids	n	hominoid _s
homogeneity	n	homogeneous _ity
homogeneously	r	homogeneous _ly
homogenized	v	homogenize _ed
homogenizes	v	homogenize _es
homographs	n	homograph _s
homonyms	n	homonym _s
homophones	n	homophone _s
homos	n	homo _s
homosexuality	a	homosexual _ity
homosexuality	n	homosexual _ity
homosexuality	v	homosexual _ity
homosexuals	n	homosexual _s
honchos	n	honcho _s
honed	v	hone _ed
hones	n	hone _s
hones	v	hone _es
honester	a	honest _er
honestest	a	honest _est
honestly	n	honest _ly
honestly	r	honest _ly
honestly	v	honest _ly
honeybees	n	honeybee _s
honeycombed	v	honeycomb _ed
honeycombs	n	honeycomb _s
honeycombs	v	honeycomb _es
honeydews	n	honeydew _s
honeyed	v	honey _ed
honeymooned	v	honeymoon _ed
honeymooners	n	honeymoon _er _s
honeymooning	v	honeymoon _ing
honeymoons	n	honeymoon _s
honeypots	n	honeypot _s
honeys	n	honey _s
honeys	v	honey _es
honeysuckles	n	honeysuckle _s
honked	v	honk _ed
honkers	n	honker _s
honking	v	honk _ing
honks	n	honk _s
honks	v	honk _es
honorariums	n	honorarium _s
honorifics	n	honorific _s
honourable	a	honour _able
honourable	v	honour _able
honourably	r	honour _able _ly
honoured	v	honour _ed
honouring	v	honour _ing
honours	n	honour _s
honours	v	honour _es
hooded	v	hood _ed
hooding	v	hood _ing
hoodlums	n	hoodlum _s
hoodoos	n	hoodoo _s
hoods	n	hood _s
hoodwinked	v	hoodwink _ed
hoodwinking	v	hoodwink _ing
hoodwinks	v	hoodwink _es
hoofed	v	hoof _ed
hoofers	n	hoofer _s
hoofing	v	hoof _ing
hoofs	n	hoof _s
hoofs	v	hoof _es
hookahs	n	hookah _s
hooked	v	hook _ed
hooker	a	hook _er
hooker	n	hook _er
hooker	o	hook _er
hooker	v	hook _er
hookers	n	hook _er _s
hooking	v	hook _ing
hooks	n	hook _s
hooks	v	hook _es
hookups	n	hookup _s
hookworms	n	hookworm _s
hooligans	n	hooligan _s
hooped	v	hoop _ed
hooping	v	hoop _ing
hoops	n	hoop _s
hoops	v	hoop _es
hooted	v	hoot _ed
hooter	n	hoot _er
hooters	n	hoot _er _s
hooting	v	hoot _ing
hoots	n	hoot _s
hoots	v	hoot _es
hoovered	v	hoover _ed
hoovering	v	hoover _ing
hoovers	n	hoover _s
hoovers	v	hoover _es
hoped	v	hope _ed
hopeful	a	hope _ful
hopeful	n	hope _ful
hopeful	v	hope _ful
hopefully	n	hope _ful _ly
hopefully	r	hope _ful _ly
hopefully	v	hope _ful _ly
hopefulness	n	hope _ful _ness
hopefuls	n	hope _ful _s
hopeless	a	hope _less
hopeless	n	hope _less
hopeless	r	hope _less
hopeless	v	hope _less
hopelessly	a	hope _less _ly
hopelessly	n	hope _less _ly
hopelessly	r	hope _less _ly
hopelessness	a	hope _less _ness
hopelessness	n	hope _less _ness
hopelessness	v	hope _less _ness
hopes	n	hope _s
hopes	v	hope _es
hoping	v	hope _ing
hopped	v	hop _ed
hopper	a	hop _er
hopper	n	hop _er
hopper	o	hop _er
hopper	v	hop _er
hoppers	n	hop _er _s
hopping	v	hop _ing
hops	n	hop _s
hops	v	hop _es
hopscotches	n	hopscotch _s
hordes	n	horde _s
horizons	n	horizon _s
horizontal	a	horizon _al
horizontal	n	horizon _al
horizontal	v	horizon _al
horizontally	n	horizon _al _ly
horizontally	r	horizon _al _ly
horizontals	n	horizon _al _s
hormones	n	hormone _s
horned	v	horn _ed
hornets	n	hornet _s
hornless	a	horn _less
hornless	n	horn _less
hornpipes	n	hornpipe _s
horns	n	horn _s
horns	v	horn _es
horny	a	horn _y
horny	n	horn _y
horny	r	horn _y
horny	v	horn _y
horologists	n	horologist _s
horoscopes	n	horoscope _s
horrendously	r	horrendous _ly
horribly	a	horrible _ly
horribly	n	horrible _ly
horribly	r	horrible _ly
horrifying	v	horrify _ing
horrors	n	horror _s
horseboxes	n	horsebox _s
horsed	v	horse _ed
horselaughs	n	horselaugh _s
horses	n	horse _s
horses	v	horse _es
horseshoed	v	horseshoe _ed
horseshoeing	v	horseshoe _ing
horseshoes	n	horseshoe _s
horseshoes	v	horseshoe _es
horsetails	n	horsetail _s
horsewhipped	v	horsewhip _ed
horsewhipping	v	horsewhip _ing
horsewhips	n	horsewhip _s
horticultural	a	horticulture _al
horticultural	n	horticulture _al
horticulturists	n	horticulturist _s
hos	n	ho _s
hosannas	n	hosanna _s
hosed	v	hose _ed
hosepipes	n	hosepipe _s
hoses	n	hose _s
hoses	v	hose _es
hosiers	n	hosier _s
hospices	n	hospice _s
hospitably	r	hospitable _ly
hospitalizations	n	hospitalization _s
hospitalized	v	hospital _ize _ed
hospitalizes	v	hospital _ize _es
hospitals	n	hospital _s
hostages	n	hostage _s
hosted	v	host _ed
hostels	n	hostel _s
hostess	v	host _es
hostessed	v	hostess _ed
hostesses	n	hostess _s
hostesses	v	hostess _es
hostessing	v	hostess _ing
hostiles	n	hostile _s
hostility	n	hostile _ity
hostility	v	hostile _ity
hosting	v	host _ing
hosts	n	host _s
hosts	v	host _es
hotbeds	n	hotbed _s
hotcakes	n	hotcake _s
hoteliers	n	hotelier _s
hotels	n	hotel _s
hotfooted	v	hotfoot _ed
hotfooting	v	hotfoot _ing
hotfoots	n	hotfoot _s
hotfoots	v	hotfoot _es
hotheads	n	hothead _s
hothouses	n	hothouse _s
hotly	r	hot _ly
hotplates	n	hotplate _s
hotpots	n	hotpot _s
hotshots	n	hotshot _s
hotter	a	hot _er
hottest	a	hot _est
hounded	v	hound _ed
hounding	v	hound _ing
hounds	n	hound _s
hounds	v	hound _es
hourglasses	n	hourglass _s
houris	n	houri _s
hours	n	hour _s
houseboats	n	houseboat _s
housebreakers	n	housebreaker _s
housebreaking	v	housebreak _ing
housecleaning	v	houseclean _ing
housecoats	n	housecoat _s
housed	v	house _ed
householders	n	householder _s
households	n	household _s
househusbands	n	househusband _s
housekeepers	n	housekeeper _s
housekeeping	v	housekeep _ing
housemaids	n	housemaid _s
housemasters	n	housemaster _s
housemates	n	housemate _s
houseplants	n	houseplant _s
houses	n	house _s
houses	v	house _es
housetops	n	housetop _s
housewarmings	n	housewarming _s
housings	n	housing _s
hovels	n	hovel _s
hovered	v	hover _ed
hovering	v	hover _ing
hovers	v	hover _es
howitzers	n	howitzer _s
howled	v	howl _ed
howler	n	howl _er
howlers	n	howl _er _s
howling	v	howl _ing
howls	n	howl _s
howls	v	howl _es
hoydens	n	hoyden _s
hrs	n	hr _s
huaraches	n	huarache _s
hubbubs	n	hubbub _s
hubcaps	n	hubcap _s
hubs	n	hub _s
huckstering	v	huckster _ing
hucksters	n	huckster _s
huddled	v	huddle _ed
huddles	n	huddle _s
huddles	v	huddle _es
hued	v	hue _ed
hues	n	hue _s
hues	v	hue _es
huffed	v	huff _ed
huffing	v	huff _ing
huffs	n	huff _s
huffs	v	huff _es
huffy	a	huff _y
huffy	n	huff _y
huffy	v	huff _y
hugely	a	huge _ly
hugely	r	huge _ly
hugeness	n	huge _ness
huger	a	huge _r
hugest	a	huge _st
hugged	v	hug _ed
hugging	v	hug _ing
hugs	n	hug _s
hugs	v	hug _es
hulking	v	hulk _ing
hulks	n	hulk _s
hulks	v	hulk _es
hulled	v	hull _ed
hulling	v	hull _ing
hulls	n	hull _s
hulls	v	hull _es
humanely	r	humane _ly
humanist	a	humanism _ist
humanist	n	humanism _ist
humanist	v	humanism _ist
humanistic	a	human _ism _ist _ic
humanists	n	humanism _ist _s
humanitarians	n	humanitarian _s
humanity	n	human _ity
humanity	v	human _ity
humanize	n	human _ize
humanize	v	human _ize
humanized	v	human _ize _ed
humanizes	v	human _ize _es
humanly	a	human _ly
humanly	r	human _ly
humanoids	n	humanoid _s
humans	n	human _s
humbled	v	humble _ed
humbler	a	humble _r
humbles	v	humble _es
humblest	a	humble _st
humbly	n	humble _ly
humbly	r	humble _ly
humbly	v	humble _ly
humbugged	v	humbug _ed
humbugging	v	humbug _ing
humbugs	n	humbug _s
humbugs	v	humbug _es
humdingers	n	humdinger _s
humidifying	v	humidify _ing
humidity	n	humid _ity
humiliated	v	humiliate _ed
humiliates	v	humiliate _es
humiliations	n	humiliation _s
humility	a	humble _ity
humility	n	humble _ity
humility	v	humble _ity
hummed	v	hum _ed
hummers	n	hummer _s
humming	v	hum _ing
hummingbirds	n	hummingbird _s
hummocks	n	hummock _s
humorists	n	humorist _s
humorous	a	humour _ous
humorously	r	humour _ous _ly
humoured	v	humour _ed
humouring	v	humour _ing
humours	n	humour _s
humours	v	humour _es
humpbacks	n	humpback _s
humped	v	hump _ed
humping	v	hump _ing
humps	n	hump _s
humps	v	hump _es
hums	n	hum _s
hums	v	hum _es
hunchbacks	n	hunchback _s
hunched	v	hunch _ed
hunches	n	hunch _s
hunches	v	hunch _es
hunching	v	hunch _ing
hundreds	n	hundred _s
hundredths	n	hundredth _s
hungered	v	hunger _ed
hungering	v	hunger _ing
hungers	n	hunger _s
hungers	v	hunger _es
hungrily	n	hungry _ly
hungrily	r	hungry _ly
hunkered	v	hunker _ed
hunkering	v	hunker _ing
hunkers	v	hunker _es
hunks	n	hunk _s
hunted	v	hunt _ed
hunter	a	hunt _er
hunter	n	hunt _er
hunter	r	hunt _er
hunter	v	hunt _er
hunters	n	hunt _er _s
hunting	v	hunt _ing
huntresses	n	huntress _s
hunts	n	hunt _s
hunts	v	hunt _es
hurdled	v	hurdle _ed
hurdler	n	hurdle _er
hurdlers	n	hurdle _er _s
hurdles	n	hurdle _s
hurdles	v	hurdle _es
hurled	v	hurl _ed
hurlers	n	hurler _s
hurling	v	hurl _ing
hurls	n	hurl _s
hurls	v	hurl _es
hurrahed	v	hurrah _ed
hurrahs	n	hurrah _s
hurrahs	v	hurrah _es
hurricanes	n	hurricane _s
hurriedly	r	hurry _ed _ly
hurrying	v	hurry _ing
hurtful	a	hurt _ful
hurtful	n	hurt _ful
hurting	v	hurt _ing
hurtled	v	hurtle _ed
hurtles	v	hurtle _es
hurts	n	hurt _s
hurts	v	hurt _es
husbanded	v	husband _ed
husbanding	v	husband _ing
husbands	n	husband _s
husbands	v	husband _es
hushed	v	hush _ed
hushes	n	hush _s
hushes	v	hush _es
hushing	v	hush _ing
husked	v	husk _ed
huskily	n	husk _y _ly
huskily	r	husk _y _ly
husking	v	husk _ing
husks	n	husk _s
husks	v	husk _es
husky	a	husk _y
husky	n	husk _y
husky	r	husk _y
hussars	n	hussar _s
hustled	v	hustle _ed
hustler	n	hustle _er
hustlers	n	hustle _er _s
hustles	n	hustle _s
hustles	v	hustle _es
hutches	n	hutch _s
huts	n	hut _s
hyacinths	n	hyacinth _s
hybridize	n	hybrid _ize
hybridize	v	hybrid _ize
hybridized	v	hybrid _ize _ed
hybridizes	v	hybrid _ize _es
hybrids	n	hybrid _s
hydrangeas	n	hydrangea _s
hydrants	n	hydrant _s
hydras	n	hydra _s
hydrated	v	hydrate _ed
hydrates	n	hydrate _s
hydrates	v	hydrate _es
hydrocarbons	n	hydrocarbon _s
hydrofoils	n	hydrofoil _s
hydrogenated	v	hydrogenate _ed
hydrologists	n	hydrologist _s
hydrolyses	v	hydrolyse _es
hydrolyzed	v	hydrolyze _ed
hydrolyzes	v	hydrolyze _es
hydroplaned	v	hydroplane _ed
hydroplanes	n	hydroplane _s
hydroxides	n	hydroxide _s
hyenas	n	hyena _s
hygienic	a	hygiene _ic
hygienic	n	hygiene _ic
hygienists	n	hygienist _s
hygrometers	n	hygrometer _s
hymens	n	hymen _s
hymnal	a	hymn _al
hymnal	n	hymn _al
hymnals	n	hymn _al _s
hymnbooks	n	hymnbook _s
hymned	v	hymn _ed
hymning	v	hymn _ing
hymns	n	hymn _s
hymns	v	hymn _es
hyped	v	hype _ed
hyperbolic	a	hyperbola _ic
hyperlinks	n	hyperlink _s
hypermarkets	n	hypermarket _s
hypersensitivity	n	hypersensitive _ity
hypertensives	n	hypertensive _s
hyperventilated	v	hyperventilate _ed
hyperventilates	v	hyperventilate _es
hypes	n	hype _s
hypes	v	hype _es
hyphenated	v	hyphenate _ed
hyphening	v	hyphen _ing
hyphens	n	hyphen _s
hyphens	v	hyphen _es
hypnotic	a	hypnosis _ic
hypnotic	n	hypnosis _ic
hypnotics	n	hypnosis _ic _s
hypnotist	n	hypnotism _ist
hypnotists	n	hypnotism _ist _s
hypnotize	v	hypnotism _ize
hypnotized	v	hypnotism _ize _ed
hypnotizes	v	hypnotism _ize _es
hypochondriacs	n	hypochondriac _s
hypocrites	n	hypocrite _s
hypocritically	r	hypocrisy _ic _al _ly
hypodermics	n	hypodermic _s
hypos	n	hypo _s
hypothesized	v	hypothesize _ed
hypothesizes	v	hypothesize _es
hypothetically	r	hypothetic _al _ly
hysteric	a	hysteria _ic
hysteric	n	hysteria _ic
hysteric	v	hysteria _ic
hysterically	r	hysteric _al _ly
hysterics	n	hysteria _ic _s
iambic	a	iamb _ic
iambic	n	iamb _ic
iambs	n	iamb _s
ibexes	n	ibex _s
ibises	n	ibis _s
icebergs	n	iceberg _s
iceboxes	n	icebox _s
icebreakers	n	icebreaker _s
icecaps	n	icecap _s
iced	v	ice _ed
ices	n	ice _s
ices	v	ice _es
ichthyologists	n	ichthyologist _s
icicles	n	icicle _s
icily	r	ice _y _ly
icings	n	icing _s
iconoclastic	a	iconoclast _ic
iconoclasts	n	iconoclast _s
icons	n	icon _s
icy	a	ice _y
icy	n	ice _y
icy	r	ice _y
icy	v	ice _y
ideal	a	idea _al
ideal	n	idea _al
ideal	r	idea _al
ideal	v	idea _al
idealistic	a	idealism _ist _ic
idealists	n	idealist _s
idealizations	n	idealization _s
idealize	a	idea _al _ize
idealize	v	idea _al _ize
idealized	v	idea _al _ize _ed
idealizes	v	idea _al _ize _es
ideally	n	idea _al _ly
ideally	r	idea _al _ly
ideals	n	idea _al _s
ideas	n	idea _s
identically	r	identity _ic _al _ly
identifications	n	identification _s
identifiers	n	identifier _s
identifying	v	identify _ing
identikits	n	identikit _s
ideograms	n	ideogram _s
ideographs	n	ideograph _s
ideologically	r	ideology _ic _al _ly
ideologist	a	ideology _ist
ideologist	n	ideology _ist
ideologists	n	ideology _ist _s
ideologues	n	ideologue _s
idioms	n	idiom _s
idiosyncratic	a	idiosyncrasy _ic
idiotic	a	idiot _ic
idiotic	n	idiot _ic
idiots	n	idiot _s
idled	v	idle _ed
idleness	a	idle _ness
idleness	n	idle _ness
idleness	v	idle _ness
idler	n	idle _er
idlers	n	idle _er _s
idles	n	idle _s
idles	v	idle _es
idly	r	idle _ly
idolaters	n	idolater _s
idolatrous	a	idol _try _ous
idolize	v	idol _ize
idolized	v	idol _ize _ed
idolizes	v	idol _ize _es
idols	n	idol _s
ids	n	id _s
idyllic	a	idyll _ic
idyllic	n	idyll _ic
idylls	n	idyll _s
igloos	n	igloo _s
ignited	v	ignite _ed
ignites	v	ignite _es
ignitions	n	ignition _s
ignominious	a	ignominy _ous
ignominiously	r	ignominy _ous _ly
ignoramuses	n	ignoramus _s
ignorantly	r	ignore _ant _ly
ignored	v	ignore _ed
ignores	v	ignore _es
iguanas	n	iguana _s
ilks	n	ilk _s
illegality	n	il_ legal _ity
illegally	a	il_ legal _ly
illegally	n	il_ legal _ly
illegally	r	il_ legal _ly
illegibility	n	il_ legible _ity
illegitimately	r	il_ legit _mate _ly
illicitly	r	illicit _ly
illiterates	n	illiterate _s
illness	a	ill _ness
illness	n	ill _ness
illness	r	ill _ness
illness	v	ill _ness
illnesses	n	ill _ness _s
illogicality	n	il_ logic _al _ity
illogically	r	il_ logic _al _ly
ills	n	ill _s
illuminated	v	illuminate _ed
illuminates	v	illuminate _es
illuminations	n	illumination _s
illumined	v	illumine _ed
illumines	v	illumine _es
illusionists	n	illusionist _s
illusions	n	illusion _s
illustrated	v	illustrate _ed
illustrates	v	illustrate _es
illustration	n	illustrate _ion
illustration	v	illustrate _ion
illustrations	n	illustrate _ion _s
illustrators	n	illustrator _s
imaged	v	image _ed
images	n	image _s
images	v	image _es
imaginable	a	imagine _able
imaginable	n	imagine _able
imaginations	n	imagination _s
imaginatively	a	imagine _ative _ly
imaginatively	r	imagine _ative _ly
imagined	v	imagine _ed
imagines	v	imagine _es
imams	n	imam _s
imbalances	n	imbalance _s
imbeciles	n	imbecile _s
imbecility	n	imbecile _ity
imbibed	v	imbibe _ed
imbibers	n	imbiber _s
imbibes	v	imbibe _es
imbroglios	n	imbroglio _s
imbued	v	imbue _ed
imbues	v	imbue _es
imitated	v	imitate _ed
imitates	v	imitate _es
imitations	n	imitation _s
imitators	n	imitator _s
immaculately	a	im_ maculate _ly
immaculately	r	im_ maculate _ly
immaturity	n	im_ mature _ity
immeasurably	a	im_ measure _able _ly
immeasurably	r	im_ measure _able _ly
immediately	r	immediate _ly
immensely	a	immense _ly
immensely	n	immense _ly
immensely	r	immense _ly
immensity	n	immense _ity
immersed	v	immerse _ed
immerses	v	immerse _es
immersions	n	immersion _s
immigrants	n	immigrant _s
immigrated	v	immigrate _ed
immigrates	v	immigrate _es
immigration	a	im_ migrate _ion
immigration	n	im_ migrate _ion
imminently	r	imminent _ly
immobility	n	im_ mobile _ity
immobilized	v	immobilize _ed
immobilizes	v	immobilize _es
immoderately	r	im_ moderate _ly
immodestly	r	im_ mode _st _ly
immolated	v	immolate _ed
immolates	v	immolate _es
immolation	n	immolate _ion
immorality	n	im_ moral _ity
immorally	r	im_ moral _ly
immortality	a	im_ mortal _ity
immortality	n	im_ mortal _ity
immortalize	v	im_ mortal _ize
immortalized	v	im_ mortal _ize _ed
immortalizes	v	im_ mortal _ize _es
immortals	n	immortal _s
immovably	r	im_ move _able _ly
immunity	a	immune _ity
immunity	n	immune _ity
immunizations	n	immunization _s
immunize	v	immune _ize
immunized	v	immune _ize _ed
immunizes	v	immune _ize _es
immunoglobulins	n	immunoglobulin _s
immunologists	n	immunologist _s
immured	v	immure _ed
immutability	n	im_ mutable _ity
immutably	r	im_ mutable _ly
impacted	v	impact _ed
impacting	v	impact _ing
impacts	n	impact _s
impacts	v	impact _es
impaired	v	impair _ed
impairing	v	impair _ing
impairment	a	impair _ment
impairment	n	impair _ment
impairments	n	impair _ment _s
impairs	v	impair _es
impalas	n	impala _s
impaled	v	impale _ed
impalement	n	impale _ment
impales	v	impale _es
imparted	v	impart _ed
impartiality	n	im_ part _al _ity
impartially	r	im_ part _al _ly
imparting	v	impart _ing
imparts	v	impart _es
impasses	n	impasse _s
impassively	r	im_ pass _ive _ly
impatiently	r	im_ patient _ly
impeachable	a	impeach _able
impeached	v	impeach _ed
impeaches	v	impeach _es
impeaching	v	impeach _ing
impeachment	a	impeach _ment
impeachment	n	impeach _ment
impeachments	n	impeach _ment _s
impeccably	a	im_ peccable _ly
impeccably	n	im_ peccable _ly
impeccably	r	im_ peccable _ly
impeded	v	impede _ed
impedes	v	impede _es
impediment	a	impede _ment
impediment	n	impede _ment
impediments	n	impede _ment _s
impelled	v	impel _ed
impeller	n	impel _er
impelling	v	impel _ing
impels	v	impel _es
impending	v	impend _ing
imperatively	r	imperative _ly
imperatives	n	imperative _s
imperceptibly	n	im_ perceptible _ly
imperceptibly	r	im_ perceptible _ly
imperfections	n	imperfection _s
imperfectly	r	im_ perfect _ly
imperialist	a	imperial _ism _ist
imperialist	n	imperial _ism _ist
imperialist	v	imperial _ism _ist
imperialistic	a	imperial _ism _ist _ic
imperialists	n	imperial _ism _ist _s
imperially	r	imperial _ly
imperials	n	imperial _s
imperils	v	imperil _es
imperiously	r	imperious _ly
impersonally	r	im_ personal _ly
impersonated	v	impersonate _ed
impersonates	v	impersonate _es
impersonations	n	impersonation _s
impersonators	n	impersonator _s
impertinences	n	impertinence _s
impertinently	r	impertinent _ly
impetuosity	n	impetuous _ity
impetuously	r	impetus _ous _ly
impetuses	n	impetus _s
impinged	v	impinge _ed
impinges	v	impinge _es
impishly	a	impish _ly
impishly	n	impish _ly
impishly	r	impish _ly
implanted	v	implant _ed
implanting	v	implant _ing
implants	n	implant _s
implants	v	implant _es
implementations	n	implementation _s
implemented	v	implement _ed
implementing	v	implement _ing
implements	n	implement _s
implements	v	implement _es
implicated	v	implicate _ed
implicates	v	implicate _es
implications	n	implication _s
implicitly	r	implicit _ly
implicitly	v	implicit _ly
imploded	v	implode _ed
implodes	v	implode _es
implored	v	implore _ed
implores	v	implore _es
implosions	n	implosion _s
implying	v	imply _ing
imponderables	n	imponderable _s
importantly	r	im_ port _ant _ly
importations	n	importation _s
imported	v	import _ed
importer	a	im_ port _er
importer	n	im_ port _er
importer	v	im_ port _er
importers	n	im_ port _er _s
importing	v	import _ing
imports	n	import _s
imports	v	import _es
importuned	v	importune _ed
importunity	n	importunate _ity
imposed	v	impose _ed
imposes	v	impose _es
impositions	n	imposition _s
impossibility	n	im_ possible _ity
impossibles	n	impossible _s
impossibly	a	im_ possible _ly
impossibly	n	im_ possible _ly
impossibly	r	im_ possible _ly
imposters	n	imposter _s
imposts	n	impost _s
impostures	n	imposture _s
impotently	r	im_ potent _ly
impounded	v	impound _ed
impounding	v	impound _ing
impounds	v	impound _es
impoverished	v	impoverish _ed
impoverishes	v	impoverish _es
impoverishing	v	impoverish _ing
impoverishment	a	im_ poverish _ment
impoverishment	n	im_ poverish _ment
impracticability	n	im_ practice _able _ity
impracticality	n	im_ practice _cal _ity
impractically	r	im_ practice _al _ly
imprecations	n	imprecation _s
impregnated	v	impregnate _ed
impregnates	v	impregnate _es
impresarios	n	impresario _s
impressed	v	impress _ed
impresses	n	impress _s
impresses	v	impress _es
impressing	v	impress _ing
impressionist	a	impress _ion _ism _ist
impressionist	n	impress _ion _ism _ist
impressionist	v	impress _ion _ism _ist
impressionistic	a	impressionism _ist _ic
impressionists	n	impress _ion _ism _ist _s
impressions	n	impression _s
impressively	a	im_ press _ive _ly
impressively	r	im_ press _ive _ly
impressiveness	n	impress _ive _ness
imprimaturs	n	imprimatur _s
imprinted	v	imprint _ed
imprinting	v	imprint _ing
imprints	n	imprint _s
imprints	v	imprint _es
imprisoned	v	imprison _ed
imprisoning	v	imprison _ing
imprisonment	a	im_ prison _ment
imprisonment	n	im_ prison _ment
imprisonment	v	im_ prison _ment
imprisonments	n	im_ prison _ment _s
imprisons	v	imprison _es
improbability	n	im_ probable _ity
improbably	n	im_ probe _able _ly
improbably	r	im_ probe _able _ly
impromptus	n	impromptu _s
improperly	r	im_ proper _ly
improved	v	improve _ed
improvement	n	improve _ment
improvements	n	improve _ment _s
improves	v	improve _es
improvisations	n	improvisation _s
improvised	v	improvise _ed
improvises	v	improvise _es
imprudently	r	im_ prudent _ly
imps	n	imp _s
impudently	r	impudent _ly
impugned	v	impugn _ed
impugning	v	impugn _ing
impugns	v	impugn _es
impulses	n	impulse _s
impulsively	r	im_ pulse _ive _ly
impulsively	v	im_ pulse _ive _ly
impulsiveness	a	impulsive _ness
impulsiveness	n	impulsive _ness
impurity	n	im_ pure _ity
imputations	n	imputation _s
imputed	v	impute _ed
imputes	v	impute _es
inaccessibility	n	in_ access _ible _ity
inaccessible	a	in_ access _ible
inaccurate	a	in_ accurate
inaccurate	n	in_ accurate
inaccurate	v	in_ accurate
inaccurately	r	in_ accurate _ly
inactivated	v	inactivate _ed
inactivates	v	inactivate _es
inactive	a	in_ active
inactive	n	in_ active
inactive	v	in_ active
inactivity	n	in_ act _ive _ity
inadequate	a	in_ adequate
inadequate	n	in_ adequate
inadequate	v	in_ adequate
inadequately	r	in_ adequate _ly
inadmissibility	n	in_ admit _ible _ity
inadmissible	a	in_ admit _ible
inadmissible	n	in_ admit _ible
inadvertently	r	in_ advertent _ly
inadvertently	v	in_ advertent _ly
inalienable	a	in_ alienate _able
inalienable	n	in_ alienate _able
inamoratas	n	inamorata _s
inanely	r	inane _ly
inanimate	a	in_ animate
inanimate	n	in_ animate
inanimate	v	in_ animate
inanity	n	inane _ity
inapplicable	a	in_ apply _able
inappropriate	a	in_ appropriate
inappropriate	n	in_ appropriate
inappropriate	r	in_ appropriate
inappropriate	v	in_ appropriate
inappropriately	a	in_ appropriate _ly
inappropriately	r	in_ appropriate _ly
inappropriateness	n	in_ appropriate _ness
inapt	a	in_ apt
inapt	n	in_ apt
inarticulate	a	in_ articulate
inarticulate	n	in_ articulate
inarticulate	v	in_ articulate
inattentive	a	in_ attentive
inattentiveness	n	in_ attend _ive _ness
inattentiveness	v	in_ attend _ive _ness
inaudibility	n	in_ audible _ity
inaudible	a	in_ audio _ible
inaudibly	r	in_ audible _ly
inaugurals	n	inaugural _s
inaugurated	v	inaugurate _ed
inaugurates	v	inaugurate _es
inauguration	n	inaugurate _ion
inaugurations	n	inaugurate _ion _s
inauspicious	a	in_ auspicious
inauspiciously	r	in_ auspicious _ly
inbound	a	in_ bound
inbound	n	in_ bound
incalculable	a	in_ calculate _able
incalculably	r	in_ calculate _able _ly
incantations	n	incantation _s
incapability	n	in_ capable _ity
incapable	a	in_ capable
incapable	n	in_ capable
incapacitated	v	incapacitate _ed
incapacitates	v	incapacitate _es
incarcerated	v	incarcerate _ed
incarcerates	v	incarcerate _es
incarceration	a	incarcerate _ion
incarceration	n	incarcerate _ion
incarcerations	n	incarcerate _ion _s
incarnadined	v	incarnadine _ed
incarnated	v	incarnate _ed
incarnates	v	incarnate _es
incarnations	n	incarnation _s
incautious	a	in_ caution _ous
incautiously	r	in_ caution _ous _ly
incensed	v	incense _ed
incenses	n	incense _s
incenses	v	incense _es
incentives	n	incentive _s
inceptions	n	inception _s
incessantly	a	in_ cease _ant _ly
incessantly	r	in_ cease _ant _ly
incestuous	a	incest _ous
incestuously	r	incest _ous _ly
inched	v	inch _ed
inches	n	inch _s
inches	v	inch _es
inching	v	inch _ing
inchworms	n	inchworm _s
incidences	n	incidence _s
incidental	a	incident _al
incidental	n	incident _al
incidental	v	incident _al
incidentally	r	incident _al _ly
incidentals	n	incident _al _s
incidents	n	incident _s
incinerated	v	incinerate _ed
incinerates	v	incinerate _es
incinerators	n	incinerator _s
incised	v	incise _ed
incisions	n	incision _s
incisively	r	incise _ive _ly
incisors	n	incisor _s
incited	v	incite _ed
incitement	a	incite _ment
incitement	n	incite _ment
incitement	v	incite _ment
incitements	n	incite _ment _s
inciters	n	inciter _s
incites	v	incite _es
inclement	a	in_ clement
inclement	n	in_ clement
inclement	v	in_ clement
inclinations	n	inclination _s
inclined	v	incline _ed
inclines	n	incline _s
inclines	v	incline _es
included	v	include _ed
includes	v	include _es
inclusion	a	include _ion
inclusion	n	include _ion
inclusion	v	include _ion
inclusions	n	include _ion _s
inclusively	r	incluse _ive _ly
incoherent	a	in_ coherent
incoherent	n	in_ coherent
incoherent	v	in_ coherent
incoherently	r	in_ coherent _ly
incomes	n	income _s
incommensurate	a	in_ commensurate
incommensurate	v	in_ commensurate
incommoded	v	incommode _ed
incommunicable	a	in_ communicate _able
incomparable	a	in_ compare _able
incomparable	n	in_ compare _able
incomparably	a	in_ compare _able _ly
incomparably	n	in_ compare _able _ly
incomparably	r	in_ compare _able _ly
incompatibility	a	in_ compatible _ity
incompatibility	n	in_ compatible _ity
incompatible	a	in_ compatible
incompetent	a	in_ competent
incompetent	n	in_ competent
incompetent	v	in_ competent
incompetently	r	in_ competent _ly
incompetents	n	in_ competent _s
incomplete	a	in_ complete
incomplete	n	in_ complete
incomplete	v	in_ complete
incompletely	r	in_ complete _ly
incompleteness	n	in_ complete _ness
incompleteness	v	in_ complete _ness
incomprehensibility	n	in_ comprehend _ible _ity
incomprehensible	a	in_ comprehend _ible
incomprehensible	n	in_ comprehend _ible
incomprehensibly	r	in_ comprehensible _ly
inconceivable	a	in_ conceive _able
inconceivable	n	in_ conceive _able
inconceivably	n	in_ conceive _able _ly
inconceivably	r	in_ conceive _able _ly
inconclusive	a	in_ conclusive
inconclusive	n	in_ conclusive
inconclusive	v	in_ conclusive
inconclusively	r	in_ conclusive _ly
incongruity	n	in_ congruous _ity
incongruous	a	in_ congruous
incongruously	r	in_ congruous _ly
inconsequential	a	in_ consequence _al
inconsequential	n	in_ consequence _al
inconsiderable	a	in_ consider _able
inconsiderate	a	in_ consider _ate
inconsiderate	n	in_ consider _ate
inconsiderate	v	in_ consider _ate
inconsiderately	r	in_ consider _ate _ly
inconsistent	a	in_ consistent
inconsistent	n	in_ consistent
inconsistent	v	in_ consistent
inconsistently	r	in_ consistent _ly
inconsolably	r	in_ console _able _ly
inconspicuous	a	in_ conspicuous
inconspicuously	r	in_ conspicuous _ly
inconstant	a	in_ constant
incontestable	a	in_ contest _able
incontestably	r	in_ contest _able _ly
incontrovertibly	r	in_ controvert _ible _ly
inconvenienced	v	inconvenience _ed
inconveniences	n	inconvenience _s
inconveniences	v	inconvenience _es
inconvenient	a	in_ convenient
inconvenient	n	in_ convenient
inconvenient	v	in_ convenient
inconveniently	r	in_ convenient _ly
incorporate	a	in_ corporate
incorporate	n	in_ corporate
incorporate	v	in_ corporate
incorporated	v	in_ corporate _ed
incorporates	v	in_ corporate _es
incorporeal	a	in_ corporeal
incorporeal	n	in_ corporeal
incorporeal	v	in_ corporeal
incorrect	a	in_ correct
incorrect	n	in_ correct
incorrect	v	in_ correct
incorrectly	n	in_ correct _ly
incorrectly	r	in_ correct _ly
incorrectness	n	in_ correct _ness
incorrigibly	n	in_ correct _ible _ly
incorrigibly	r	in_ correct _ible _ly
incorruptibility	n	in_ corrupt _ible _ity
incorruptible	a	in_ corrupt _ible
incorruptible	n	in_ corrupt _ible
increased	v	increase _ed
increases	n	increase _s
increases	v	increase _es
incredible	a	in_ credit _ible
incredible	n	in_ credit _ible
incredibly	a	in_ credible _ly
incredibly	n	in_ credible _ly
incredibly	r	in_ credible _ly
incredulity	n	in_ credulous _ity
incredulous	a	in_ credulous
incredulous	v	in_ credulous
incredulously	r	in_ credulous _ly
incremental	a	increment _al
incremental	n	increment _al
incrementally	r	increment _al _ly
increments	n	increment _s
incriminated	v	incriminate _ed
incriminates	v	incriminate _es
incrimination	n	in_ criminate _ion
incubated	v	incubate _ed
incubates	v	incubate _es
incubation	n	incubate _ion
incubators	n	incubator _s
inculcated	v	inculcate _ed
inculcates	v	inculcate _es
inculcation	n	inculcate _ion
inculpated	v	inculpate _ed
incumbents	n	incumbent _s
incurable	a	in_ cure _able
incurables	n	in_ cure _able _s
incurably	a	in_ cure _able _ly
incurably	n	in_ cure _able _ly
incurably	r	in_ cure _able _ly
incurious	a	in_ curious
incurred	v	incur _ed
incurring	v	incur _ing
incurs	v	incur _es
incursion	n	incur _ion
incursions	n	incur _ion _s
indebtedness	a	in_ debt _ed _ness
indebtedness	n	in_ debt _ed _ness
indecent	a	in_ decent
indecent	n	in_ decent
indecent	v	in_ decent
indecently	r	in_ decent _ly
indecipherable	a	in_ decipher _able
indecisive	a	in_ decisive
indecisive	n	in_ decisive
indecisive	v	in_ decisive
indecisively	r	in_ decisive _ly
indecisiveness	n	in_ decisive _ness
indecorous	a	in_ decorum _ous
indefeasible	a	in_ defease _ible
indefensible	a	in_ defense _ible
indefinable	a	in_ define _able
indefinite	a	in_ definite
indefinite	n	in_ definite
indefinite	r	in_ definite
indefinite	v	in_ definite
indefinitely	a	in_ de_ finite _ly
indefinitely	r	in_ de_ finite _ly
indefiniteness	a	in_ definite _ness
indelibly	a	in_ deleible _ly
indelibly	r	in_ deleible _ly
indelicate	a	in_ delicate
indelicate	n	in_ delicate
indelicate	v	in_ delicate
indemnifications	n	indemnification _s
indemnifying	v	indemnify _ing
indentations	n	indentation _s
indented	v	indent _ed
indenting	v	indent _ing
indents	n	indent _s
indents	v	indent _es
indentured	v	indenture _ed
indentures	n	indenture _s
independent	a	in_ depend _ent
independently	a	in_ dependent _ly
independently	n	in_ dependent _ly
independently	r	in_ dependent _ly
independents	n	in_ depend _ent _s
indescribable	a	in_ describe _able
indescribably	r	in_ describe _able _ly
indestructibility	n	in_ destructible _ity
indestructible	a	in_ destruct _ible
indeterminable	a	in_ determine _able
indeterminable	n	in_ determine _able
indeterminate	a	in_ determinate
indeterminate	n	in_ determinate
indeterminate	v	in_ determinate
indexed	v	index _ed
indexer	n	index _er
indexers	n	index _er _s
indexes	n	index _s
indexes	v	index _es
indexing	v	index _ing
indicated	v	indicate _ed
indicates	v	indicate _es
indications	n	indication _s
indicators	n	indicator _s
indictable	a	indict _able
indicted	v	indict _ed
indicting	v	indict _ing
indictment	a	indict _ment
indictment	n	indict _ment
indictment	v	indict _ment
indictments	n	indict _ment _s
indicts	v	indict _es
indies	n	indie _s
indifferent	a	in_ different
indifferent	n	in_ different
indifferent	v	in_ different
indifferently	r	in_ differ _ent _ly
indigestible	a	in_ digest _ible
indignantly	n	indign _ant _ly
indignantly	r	indign _ant _ly
indirect	a	in_ direct
indirect	n	in_ direct
indirect	v	in_ direct
indirectly	r	in_ direct _ly
indirectness	n	in_ direct _ness
indiscernible	a	in_ discern _ible
indiscreet	a	in_ discreet
indiscreet	n	in_ discreet
indiscreet	r	in_ discreet
indiscreet	v	in_ discreet
indiscreetly	r	in_ discreet _ly
indiscretions	n	indiscretion _s
indiscriminate	a	in_ discriminate
indiscriminate	n	in_ discriminate
indiscriminate	r	in_ discriminate
indiscriminate	v	in_ discriminate
indiscriminately	r	in_ discriminate _ly
indispensability	n	in_ dispense _able _ity
indispensable	a	in_ dispense _able
indispensable	n	in_ dispense _able
indisposed	a	in_ dispose _ed
indisposed	v	in_ dispose _ed
indispositions	n	indisposition _s
indisputable	a	in_ dispute _able
indisputable	n	in_ dispute _able
indisputably	a	in_ disputable _ly
indisputably	n	in_ disputable _ly
indisputably	r	in_ disputable _ly
indissolubility	n	in_ dis_ soluble _ity
indissolubly	r	in_ dissoluble _ly
indistinct	a	in_ distinct
indistinct	n	in_ distinct
indistinct	v	in_ distinct
indistinctly	r	in_ distinct _ly
indistinguishable	a	in_ distinguish _able
indistinguishable	n	in_ distinguish _able
indistinguishable	v	in_ distinguish _able
indistinguishably	r	in_ distinguish _able _ly
individualist	a	individual _ism _ist
individualist	n	individual _ism _ist
individualist	v	individual _ism _ist
individualistic	a	individual _ism _ist _ic
individualistic	n	individual _ism _ist _ic
individualists	n	individual _ism _ist _s
individuality	n	individual _ity
individualize	v	individual _ize
individualized	v	individual _ize _ed
individually	n	in_ divide _al _ly
individually	r	in_ divide _al _ly
individuals	n	individual _s
individuated	v	individuate _ed
indivisibility	n	in_ divide _ible _ity
indivisible	a	in_ divisible
indivisibly	r	in_ divide _ible _ly
indoctrinated	v	indoctrinate _ed
indoctrinates	v	indoctrinate _es
indoctrination	n	indoctrinate _ion
indoctrination	v	indoctrinate _ion
indubitably	r	in_ doubt _able _ly
induced	v	induce _ed
inducement	a	induce _ment
inducement	n	induce _ment
inducements	n	induce _ment _s
inducers	n	inducer _s
induces	v	induce _es
inducted	v	induct _ed
inductees	n	inductee _s
inducting	v	induct _ing
induction	a	induct _ion
induction	n	induct _ion
induction	v	induct _ion
inductions	n	induct _ion _s
inductively	r	induct _ive _ly
inducts	v	induct _es
indulged	v	indulge _ed
indulgences	n	indulgence _s
indulgently	r	indulge _ent _ly
indulges	v	indulge _es
industrial	a	industry _al
industrialists	n	industrialist _s
industrialize	v	industry _al _ize
industrialized	v	industry _al _ize _ed
industrially	r	industry _al _ly
industrious	a	industry _ous
industriously	r	industry _ous _ly
industriousness	a	industry _ous _ness
industriousness	n	industry _ous _ness
indwelling	v	indwell _ing
indwells	v	indwell _es
inebriated	v	inebriate _ed
inebriates	n	inebriate _s
inedible	a	in_ edible
ineffability	n	ineffable _ity
ineffective	a	in_ effect _ive
ineffective	n	in_ effect _ive
ineffective	v	in_ effect _ive
ineffectively	r	in_ effect _ive _ly
ineffectiveness	n	in_ effect _ive _ness
ineffectiveness	v	in_ effect _ive _ness
ineffectual	a	in_ effect _al
ineffectually	r	in_ effect _al _ly
inefficient	a	in_ efficency _ent
inefficient	n	in_ efficency _ent
inefficiently	r	in_ efficient _ly
inelastic	a	in_ elastic
inelegant	a	in_ elegant
inelegant	n	in_ elegant
inelegantly	r	in_ elegant _ly
ineligibility	n	in_ eligible _ity
ineligible	a	in_ eligible
ineligible	n	in_ eligible
ineligible	v	in_ eligible
ineluctably	r	in_ eluctable _ly
ineptly	r	inept _ly
ineptness	n	inept _ness
ineptness	v	inept _ness
inequitable	a	in_ equitable
inequitably	r	in_ equit _able _ly
inertness	n	inert _ness
inessential	a	in_ essenve _al
inessentials	n	in_ essenve _al _s
inestimable	a	in_ estimate _able
inevitability	n	inevitable _ity
inevitably	a	in_ evit _able _ly
inevitably	n	in_ evit _able _ly
inevitably	r	in_ evit _able _ly
inevitably	v	in_ evit _able _ly
inexact	a	in_ exact
inexact	n	in_ exact
inexcusable	a	in_ excuse _able
inexcusably	r	in_ excuse _able _ly
inexorably	a	in_ exor _able _ly
inexorably	r	in_ exor _able _ly
inexpedient	a	in_ expedient
inexpensive	a	in_ expensive
inexpensively	r	in_ expensive _ly
inexperienced	a	in_ experience _ed
inexperienced	n	in_ experience _ed
inexperienced	v	in_ experience _ed
inexpert	a	in_ expert
inexpert	v	in_ expert
inexpertly	r	in_ expert _ly
inexplicable	a	in_ explain _able
inexplicable	v	in_ explain _able
inexplicably	r	in_ explain _able _ly
inexpressibly	r	in_ express _ible _ly
inextricably	a	in_ extricate _able _ly
inextricably	n	in_ extricate _able _ly
inextricably	r	in_ extricate _able _ly
infallibility	n	in_ fallible _ity
infallible	a	in_ fall _ible
infallible	v	in_ fall _ible
infallibly	r	in_ fall _ible _ly
infamous	a	infamy _ous
infanticides	n	infanticide _s
infants	n	infant _s
infarcts	n	infarct _s
infatuated	v	infatuate _ed
infatuations	n	infatuation _s
infected	v	infect _ed
infecting	v	infect _ing
infection	a	infect _ion
infection	n	infect _ion
infection	v	infect _ion
infections	n	infect _ion _s
infectious	a	infect _ion _ous
infectious	n	infect _ion _ous
infectiously	r	infect _ion _ous _ly
infects	v	infect _es
infelicitous	a	in_ felicity _ous
inferences	n	inference _s
inferiority	n	inferior _ity
inferiors	n	inferior _s
infernally	r	infernal _ly
infernos	n	inferno _s
inferred	v	infer _ed
inferring	v	infer _ing
infers	v	infer _es
infertile	a	in_ fertile
infertile	n	in_ fertile
infertile	o	in_ fertile
infertile	r	in_ fertile
infertile	v	in_ fertile
infertility	n	in_ fertile _ity
infestations	n	infestation _s
infested	v	infest _ed
infesting	v	infest _ing
infests	v	infest _es
infidels	n	infidel _s
infielders	n	infielder _s
infields	n	infield _s
infiltrated	v	infiltrate _ed
infiltrates	v	infiltrate _es
infiltration	n	infiltrate _ion
infiltrators	n	infiltrator _s
infinite	a	in_ finite
infinite	n	in_ finite
infinite	r	in_ finite
infinite	v	in_ finite
infinitely	a	in_ finite _ly
infinitely	r	in_ finite _ly
infinitesimal	a	in_ finite _al
infinitesimally	r	in_ finite _al _ly
infinitives	n	infinitive _s
infirm	a	in_ firm
infirm	n	in_ firm
infirm	v	in_ firm
infirmity	n	in_ firm _ity
inflamed	v	inflame _ed
inflames	v	inflame _es
inflammable	a	in_ flame _able
inflammations	n	inflammation _s
inflatable	a	inflate _able
inflatable	n	inflate _able
inflated	v	inflate _ed
inflates	v	inflate _es
inflation	n	inflate _ion
inflected	v	inflect _ed
inflecting	v	inflect _ing
inflection	n	inflect _ion
inflectional	a	inflect _ion _al
inflections	n	inflect _ion _s
inflects	v	inflect _es
inflexibility	n	in_ flexible _ity
inflexible	a	in_ flex _ible
inflexibly	r	in_ flexible _ly
inflicted	v	inflict _ed
inflicting	v	inflict _ing
inflicts	v	inflict _es
inflows	n	inflow _s
influenced	v	influence _ed
influences	n	influence _s
influences	v	influence _es
influentially	r	influence _al _ly
influxes	n	influx _s
infomercials	n	infomercial _s
informal	a	in_ form _al
informal	n	in_ form _al
informal	v	in_ form _al
informality	n	in_ form _al _ity
informally	r	in_ form _al _ly
informants	n	informant _s
informatively	r	inform _ative _ly
informed	v	inform _ed
informer	a	inform _er
informer	n	inform _er
informers	n	inform _er _s
informing	v	inform _ing
informs	v	inform _es
infractions	n	infraction _s
infrastructures	n	infrastructure _s
infrequent	a	in_ frequent
infrequent	n	in_ frequent
infrequent	v	in_ frequent
infrequently	r	in_ frequent _ly
infringed	v	infringe _ed
infringement	a	infringe _ment
infringement	n	infringe _ment
infringements	n	infringe _ment _s
infringes	v	infringe _es
infuriated	v	infuriate _ed
infuriates	v	infuriate _es
infused	v	infuse _ed
infuses	v	infuse _es
infusions	n	infusion _s
ingeniously	r	in_ genious _ly
ingenues	n	ingenue _s
ingenuity	n	ingenuous _ity
ingenuously	r	in_ genuous _ly
ingenuousness	n	ingenuous _ness
ingested	v	ingest _ed
ingesting	v	ingest _ing
ingestion	n	ingest _ion
ingests	v	ingest _es
inglorious	a	in_ glory _ous
ingloriously	r	in_ glorious _ly
ingots	n	ingot _s
ingrained	v	ingrain _ed
ingraining	v	ingrain _ing
ingrains	v	ingrain _es
ingrates	n	ingrate _s
ingratiated	v	ingratiate _ed
ingratiates	v	ingratiate _es
ingredients	n	ingredient _s
ingress	n	ingres _s
ingrowing	v	in_ grow _ing
ingrown	a	in_ grown
inhabitable	a	in_ habit _able
inhabitants	n	inhabitant _s
inhabited	v	inhabit _ed
inhabiting	v	inhabit _ing
inhabits	v	inhabit _es
inhalants	n	inhalant _s
inhalations	n	inhalation _s
inhalators	n	inhalator _s
inhaled	v	inhale _ed
inhaler	n	inhale _er
inhalers	n	inhale _er _s
inhales	v	inhale _es
inharmonious	a	in_ harmony _ous
inhered	v	inhere _ed
inherently	a	inhere _ent _ly
inherently	r	inhere _ent _ly
inheres	v	inhere _es
inheritances	n	inheritance _s
inherited	v	inherit _ed
inheriting	v	inherit _ing
inheritors	n	inheritor _s
inherits	v	inherit _es
inhibited	v	inhibit _ed
inhibiting	v	inhibit _ing
inhibition	n	inhibit _ion
inhibitions	n	inhibit _ion _s
inhibitors	n	inhibitor _s
inhibits	v	inhibit _es
inhospitable	a	in_ hospitable
inhospitable	n	in_ hospitable
inhuman	a	in_ human
inhuman	n	in_ human
inhuman	v	in_ human
inhumane	a	in_ humane
inhumane	n	in_ humane
inhumane	v	in_ humane
inhumanely	r	in_ humane _ly
inhumanity	n	in_ human _ity
inimitable	a	in_ imitate _able
inimitably	a	in_ imitate _able _ly
inimitably	r	in_ imitate _able _ly
iniquitous	a	iniquity _ous
initialized	v	initialize _ed
initialled	v	initial _ed
initialling	v	initial _ing
initially	a	initial _ly
initially	r	initial _ly
initials	n	initial _s
initials	v	initial _es
initiated	v	initiate _ed
initiates	n	initiate _s
initiates	v	initiate _es
initiations	n	initiation _s
initiatives	n	initiative _s
initiators	n	initiator _s
injected	v	inject _ed
injecting	v	inject _ing
injections	n	injection _s
injectors	n	injector _s
injects	v	inject _es
injudicious	a	in_ judicious
injunctions	n	injunction _s
injured	v	injure _ed
injures	v	injure _es
injurious	a	injury _ous
injurious	v	injury _ous
injustices	n	injustice _s
inkblots	n	inkblot _s
inked	v	ink _ed
inking	v	ink _ing
inklings	n	inkling _s
inks	n	ink _s
inks	v	ink _es
inkstands	n	inkstand _s
inkwells	n	inkwell _s
inky	a	ink _y
inky	n	ink _y
inky	v	ink _y
inlaying	v	inlay _ing
inlays	n	inlay _s
inlays	v	inlay _es
inlets	n	inlet _s
inmates	n	inmate _s
inmost	a	in_ most
inmost	n	in_ most
innately	a	innate _ly
innately	r	innate _ly
innervated	v	innervate _ed
innervates	v	innervate _es
innings	n	inning _s
innkeepers	n	innkeeper _s
innocently	a	innocent _ly
innocently	r	innocent _ly
innocently	v	innocent _ly
innocents	n	innocent _s
innocuously	r	innocuous _ly
innovated	v	innovate _ed
innovates	v	innovate _es
innovation	n	innovate _ion
innovation	v	innovate _ion
innovations	n	innovate _ion _s
innovators	n	innovator _s
inns	n	inn _s
innuendos	n	innuendo _s
innumerable	a	in_ number _able
innumerable	v	in_ number _able
inoculated	v	inoculate _ed
inoculates	v	inoculate _es
inoculation	n	inoculate _ion
inoculations	n	inoculate _ion _s
inoffensive	a	in_ offence _ive
inoffensive	n	in_ offence _ive
inoperable	a	in_ operate _able
inoperable	n	in_ operate _able
inoperative	a	in_ operate _ive
inoperative	n	in_ operate _ive
inoperative	v	in_ operate _ive
inopportune	a	in_ opportune
inopportune	n	in_ opportune
inordinately	a	in_ ordinate _ly
inordinately	r	in_ ordinate _ly
inorganic	a	in_ organ _ic
inorganic	n	in_ organ _ic
inpatients	n	inpatient _s
inputs	n	input _s
inputs	v	input _es
inquest	a	in_ quest
inquest	n	in_ quest
inquest	o	in_ quest
inquest	r	in_ quest
inquest	v	in_ quest
inquests	n	in_ quest _s
inquired	v	inquire _ed
inquirer	n	inquire _er
inquirers	n	inquire _er _s
inquires	v	inquire _es
inquisitions	n	inquisition _s
inquisitively	r	in_ quisit _ive _ly
inquisitiveness	n	inquisit _ive _ness
inquisitors	n	inquisitor _s
inroads	n	inroad _s
ins	n	in _s
insalubrious	a	in_ salubrious
insane	a	in_ sane
insane	n	in_ sane
insane	o	in_ sane
insane	r	in_ sane
insane	v	in_ sane
insanely	a	in_ sane _ly
insanely	r	in_ sane _ly
insanitary	a	in_ sanitary
insanity	a	in_ sane _ity
insanity	n	in_ sane _ity
insatiably	r	in_ satate _able _ly
inscribed	v	inscribe _ed
inscribes	v	inscribe _es
inscription	a	in_ scribe _ion
inscription	n	in_ scribe _ion
inscriptions	n	in_ scribe _ion _s
inscrutability	n	in_ scrutiny _able _ity
insecticidal	a	insect _cide _al
insecticidal	n	insect _cide _al
insecticides	n	insecticide _s
insectivores	n	insectivore _s
insects	n	insect _s
insecure	a	in_ secure
insecure	n	in_ secure
insecure	r	in_ secure
insecure	v	in_ secure
insecurely	r	in_ secure _ly
insecurity	a	in_ secure _ity
insecurity	n	in_ secure _ity
inseminated	v	inseminate _ed
inseminates	v	inseminate _es
insensibility	n	in_ sense _ible _ity
insensible	a	in_ sense _ible
insensibly	r	in_ sensible _ly
insensitive	a	in_ sense _ive
insensitive	n	in_ sense _ive
insensitive	v	in_ sense _ive
insensitively	r	in_ sense _ive _ly
insensitivity	n	in_ sense _ive _ity
insentient	n	in_ sentient
inseparability	n	in_ separate _able _ity
inseparable	a	in_ separate _able
inseparable	n	in_ separate _able
inseparably	r	in_ separate _able _ly
inserted	v	insert _ed
inserting	v	insert _ing
insertions	n	insertion _s
inserts	n	insert _s
inserts	v	insert _es
insets	n	inset _s
insetting	v	inset _ing
inside	a	in_ side
inside	n	in_ side
inside	o	in_ side
inside	r	in_ side
inside	v	in_ side
insiders	n	insider _s
insides	n	in_ side _s
insidiously	r	insidious _ly
insights	n	insight _s
insignificant	a	in_ significant
insignificant	n	in_ significant
insignificant	v	in_ significant
insignificantly	r	in_ signify _ic _ant _ly
insincere	a	in_ sincere
insincere	o	in_ sincere
insincere	r	in_ sincere
insincere	v	in_ sincere
insincerely	a	in_ sincere _ly
insincerely	r	in_ sincere _ly
insincerity	n	in_ sincere _ity
insinuated	v	insinuate _ed
insinuates	v	insinuate _es
insinuation	n	insinuate _ion
insinuations	n	insinuate _ion _s
insisted	v	insist _ed
insistently	r	insistent _ly
insisting	v	insist _ing
insists	v	insist _es
insolently	r	insolent _ly
insoles	n	insole _s
insoluble	a	in_ soluble
insoluble	n	in_ soluble
insolvent	a	in_ solvent
insolvent	n	in_ solvent
insolvents	n	in_ solvent _s
insomniacs	n	insomniac _s
inspected	v	inspect _ed
inspecting	v	inspect _ing
inspection	a	inspect _ion
inspection	n	inspect _ion
inspection	v	inspect _ion
inspections	n	inspect _ion _s
inspectorates	n	inspectorate _s
inspectors	n	inspector _s
inspects	v	inspect _es
inspirational	a	inspiration _al
inspirational	n	inspiration _al
inspirations	n	inspiration _s
inspired	v	inspire _ed
inspires	v	inspire _es
inspiriting	v	inspirit _ing
installations	n	installation _s
installed	v	instal _ed
installing	v	instal _ing
installs	v	install _es
instalment	a	install _ment
instalment	n	install _ment
instalments	n	install _ment _s
instanced	v	instance _ed
instances	n	instance _s
instances	v	instance _es
instantaneously	r	instantaneous _ly
instantaneously	v	instantaneous _ly
instantiated	v	instantiate _ed
instantiates	v	instantiate _es
instantly	a	instant _ly
instantly	r	instant _ly
instantly	v	instant _ly
instants	n	instant _s
insteps	n	instep _s
instigated	v	instigate _ed
instigates	v	instigate _es
instigators	n	instigator _s
instilled	v	instill _ed
instilling	v	instill _ing
instills	v	instill _es
instinctively	a	instinct _ive _ly
instinctively	r	instinct _ive _ly
instincts	n	instinct _s
instituted	v	institute _ed
institutes	n	institute _s
institutes	v	institute _es
institution	n	institute _ion
institution	v	institute _ion
institutional	a	institute _ion _al
institutionalized	v	institutionalize _ed
institutionalizes	v	institutionalize _es
institutions	n	institute _ion _s
instructed	v	instruct _ed
instructing	v	instruct _ing
instructional	a	instruct _ion _al
instructional	n	instruct _ion _al
instructions	n	instruction _s
instructors	n	instructor _s
instructs	v	instruct _es
instrumental	a	instrument _al
instrumental	n	instrument _al
instrumental	v	instrument _al
instrumentalist	a	instrument _al _ist
instrumentalist	n	instrument _al _ist
instrumentalist	v	instrument _al _ist
instrumentalists	n	instrument _al _ist _s
instrumentality	n	instrument _al _ity
instrumented	v	instrument _ed
instrumenting	v	instrument _ing
instruments	n	instrument _s
instruments	v	instrument _es
insubordinate	a	in_ sub_ ordinate
insubordinate	n	in_ sub_ ordinate
insubstantial	a	in_ substantial
insufferably	r	in_ suffer _able _ly
insufficient	a	in_ sufficient
insufficient	n	in_ sufficient
insufficient	v	in_ sufficient
insufficiently	r	in_ sufficient _ly
insularity	n	insular _ity
insulated	v	insulate _ed
insulates	v	insulate _es
insulators	n	insulator _s
insulted	v	insult _ed
insulting	v	insult _ing
insultingly	r	insult _ing _ly
insults	n	insult _s
insults	v	insult _es
insupportable	a	in_ support _able
insurances	n	insurance _s
insured	v	insure _ed
insureds	n	insured _s
insurer	n	in_ sure _er
insurer	v	in_ sure _er
insurers	n	in_ sure _er _s
insures	v	insure _es
insurgences	n	insurgence _s
insurgents	n	insurgent _s
insurmountable	a	in_ surmount _able
insurrectionists	n	insurrectionist _s
insurrections	n	insurrection _s
intaglios	n	intaglio _s
intakes	n	intake _s
intangible	a	in_ tangible
intangible	n	in_ tangible
intangibles	n	in_ tangible _s
integers	n	integer _s
integral	a	integer _al
integral	n	integer _al
integrally	r	integer _al _ly
integrals	n	integer _al _s
integrated	v	integrate _ed
integrates	v	integrate _es
integration	a	integrate _ion
integration	n	integrate _ion
integration	v	integrate _ion
intellects	n	intellect _s
intellectually	r	intellect _al _ly
intellectuals	n	intellectual _s
intelligently	r	intelligent _ly
intelligibility	n	intelligence _ible _ity
intelligibly	r	intelligent _ible _ly
intemperate	a	in_ temperate
intemperate	n	in_ temperate
intemperate	v	in_ temperate
intended	v	intend _ed
intending	v	intend _ing
intends	v	intend _es
intense	a	in_ tense
intense	n	in_ tense
intense	v	in_ tense
intensely	a	in_ tense _ly
intensely	r	in_ tense _ly
intensest	a	in_ tense _st
intensifiers	n	intensifier _s
intensifying	v	intensify _ing
intensity	n	in_ tense _ity
intensively	r	intense _ive _ly
intensives	n	intensive _s
intentional	a	intend _ion _al
intentional	n	intend _ion _al
intentionally	r	intend _ion _al _ly
intentions	n	intention _s
intently	r	intent _ly
intentness	n	intent _ness
intents	n	intent _s
interacted	v	interact _ed
interacting	v	interact _ing
interaction	a	interact _ion
interaction	n	interact _ion
interactions	n	interact _ion _s
interacts	v	interact _es
interbreeding	v	interbreed _ing
interceded	v	intercede _ed
intercedes	v	intercede _es
intercepted	v	intercept _ed
intercepting	v	intercept _ing
interceptions	n	interception _s
interceptors	n	interceptor _s
intercepts	n	intercept _s
intercepts	v	intercept _es
intercession	n	intercede _ion
intercessions	n	intercede _ion _s
intercessors	n	intercessor _s
interchangeability	n	inter_ change _able _ity
interchangeable	a	interchange _able
interchangeably	r	inter_ change _able _ly
interchanged	v	interchange _ed
interchanges	n	interchange _s
interchanges	v	interchange _es
intercoms	n	intercom _s
interconnected	v	interconnect _ed
interconnecting	v	interconnect _ing
interconnections	n	interconnection _s
interconnects	v	interconnect _es
interdicted	v	interdict _ed
interdicting	v	interdict _ing
interdicts	n	interdict _s
interested	v	interest _ed
interesting	v	interest _ing
interestingly	r	interest _ing _ly
interestingly	v	interest _ing _ly
interests	n	interest _s
interests	v	interest _es
interfaces	n	interface _s
interfered	v	interfere _ed
interferes	v	interfere _es
interiors	n	interior _s
interjected	v	interject _ed
interjecting	v	interject _ing
interjection	n	interject _ion
interjections	n	interject _ion _s
interjects	v	interject _es
interlaced	v	interlace _ed
interlaces	v	interlace _es
interlarded	v	interlard _ed
interlarding	v	interlard _ing
interleaved	v	interleave _ed
interleaves	v	interleave _es
interlinked	v	interlink _ed
interlinking	v	interlink _ing
interlinks	v	interlink _es
interlocked	v	interlock _ed
interlocking	v	interlock _ing
interlocks	n	interlock _s
interlocks	v	interlock _es
interlocutors	n	interlocutor _s
interloped	v	interlope _ed
interloper	n	interlope _er
interlopers	n	interlope _er _s
interludes	n	interlude _s
interludes	v	interlude _es
intermarriages	n	intermarriage _s
intermarrying	v	intermarry _ing
intermediates	n	intermediate _s
intermediates	v	intermediate _es
interment	n	inter _ment
interments	n	inter _ment _s
intermezzos	n	intermezzo _s
interminable	a	in_ terminate _able
interminable	v	in_ terminate _able
interminably	n	in_ terminate _able _ly
interminably	r	in_ terminate _able _ly
intermingled	v	intermingle _ed
intermingles	v	intermingle _es
intermission	n	intermit _ion
intermissions	n	intermit _ion _s
intermittently	r	intermit _tent _ly
intermixed	v	intermix _ed
intermixing	v	intermix _ing
internal	a	intern _al
internalize	n	intern _al _ize
internalize	v	intern _al _ize
internalized	v	intern _al _ize _ed
internalizes	v	intern _al _ize _es
internally	a	intern _al _ly
internally	n	intern _al _ly
internally	r	intern _al _ly
internationalists	n	internationalist _s
internationalize	v	inter_ nation _al _ize
internationalized	v	inter_ nation _al _ize _ed
internationally	a	inter_ nation _al _ly
internationally	n	inter_ nation _al _ly
internationally	r	inter_ nation _al _ly
internationals	n	international _s
interned	v	intern _ed
internees	n	internee _s
interning	v	intern _ing
internists	n	internist _s
internment	a	intern _ment
internment	n	intern _ment
internment	v	intern _ment
interns	n	intern _s
interns	v	intern _es
internships	n	internship _s
interpenetrated	v	interpenetrate _ed
interpenetrates	v	interpenetrate _es
interpolated	v	interpolate _ed
interpolates	v	interpolate _es
interpolation	n	interpolate _ion
interpolations	n	interpolate _ion _s
interposed	v	interpose _ed
interposes	v	interpose _es
interpretations	n	interpretation _s
interpreted	v	interpret _ed
interpreter	a	interpret _er
interpreter	n	interpret _er
interpreters	n	interpret _er _s
interpreting	v	interpret _ing
interprets	v	interpret _es
interred	v	inter _ed
interregnums	n	interregnum _s
interrelated	v	interrelate _ed
interrelates	v	interrelate _es
interrelations	n	interrelation _s
interrelationships	n	interrelationship _s
interring	v	inter _ing
interrogated	v	interrogate _ed
interrogates	v	interrogate _es
interrogations	n	interrogation _s
interrogatives	n	interrogative _s
interrogators	n	interrogator _s
interrupted	v	interrupt _ed
interrupters	n	interrupt _er _s
interrupting	v	interrupt _ing
interruptions	n	interruption _s
interrupts	n	interrupt _s
interrupts	v	interrupt _es
intersected	v	intersect _ed
intersecting	v	intersect _ing
intersections	n	intersection _s
intersects	v	intersect _es
interspersed	v	intersperse _ed
intersperses	v	intersperse _es
interstates	n	interstate _s
interstices	n	interstice _s
intertwined	v	intertwine _ed
intertwines	v	intertwine _es
intervals	n	interval _s
intervened	v	intervene _ed
intervenes	v	intervene _es
interventions	n	intervention _s
interviewed	v	interview _ed
interviewees	n	interviewee _s
interviewer	a	interview _er
interviewer	n	interview _er
interviewer	v	interview _er
interviewers	n	interview _er _s
interviewing	v	interview _ing
interviews	n	interview _s
interviews	v	interview _es
interweaves	v	interweave _es
intestate	a	in_ testate
intestate	n	in_ testate
intestate	v	in_ testate
intestinal	a	intestine _al
intestinal	n	intestine _al
intestines	n	intestine _s
intimated	v	intimate _ed
intimately	a	intima _ate _ly
intimately	r	intima _ate _ly
intimates	n	intimate _s
intimates	v	intimate _es
intimation	n	intimate _ion
intimations	n	intimate _ion _s
intimidated	v	intimidate _ed
intimidates	v	intimidate _es
intolerable	a	in_ tolerate _able
intolerable	n	in_ tolerate _able
intolerably	a	in_ tolerate _able _ly
intolerably	r	in_ tolerate _able _ly
intolerant	a	in_ tolerant
intolerant	n	in_ tolerant
intolerant	v	in_ tolerant
intonations	n	intonation _s
intoned	v	intone _ed
intones	v	intone _es
intoxicants	n	intoxicant _s
intoxicated	v	intoxicate _ed
intoxicates	v	intoxicate _es
intractability	n	in_ tractable _ity
intractable	a	in_ tractable
intranets	n	intranet _s
intransitive	a	in_ transitive
intravenously	r	intravenous _ly
intrepidity	n	intrepid _ity
intricately	r	intricate _ly
intrigued	v	intrigue _ed
intriguers	n	intriguer _s
intrigues	n	intrigue _s
intrigues	v	intrigue _es
introduced	v	introduce _ed
introduces	v	introduce _es
introduction	n	introduce _ion
introductions	n	introduce _ion _s
intros	n	intro _s
introspected	v	introspect _ed
introspecting	v	introspect _ing
introspects	v	introspect _es
introverted	v	introvert _ed
introverts	n	introvert _s
introverts	v	introvert _es
intruded	v	intrude _ed
intruder	n	intrude _er
intruder	v	intrude _er
intruders	n	intrude _er _s
intrudes	v	intrude _es
intrusion	a	intrude _ion
intrusion	n	intrude _ion
intrusions	n	intrude _ion _s
intuited	v	intuit _ed
intuiting	v	intuit _ing
intuition	n	intuit _ion
intuition	v	intuit _ion
intuitions	n	intuit _ion _s
intuitively	a	intuition _ve _ly
intuitively	r	intuition _ve _ly
intuits	v	intuit _es
inundated	v	inundate _ed
inundates	v	inundate _es
inundations	n	inundation _s
inured	v	inure _ed
invaded	v	invade _ed
invader	n	invade _er
invaders	n	invade _er _s
invades	v	invade _es
invalid	a	in_ valid
invalid	n	in_ valid
invalid	r	in_ valid
invalid	v	in_ valid
invalidated	v	invalidate _ed
invalidates	v	invalidate _es
invalidation	n	in_ validate _ion
invalided	v	in_ valid _ed
invalidity	a	in_ valid _ity
invalidity	n	in_ valid _ity
invalids	n	in_ valid _s
invalids	v	in_ valid _es
invaluable	a	in_ value _able
invaluable	n	in_ value _able
invaluable	v	in_ value _able
invariable	a	in_ vary _able
invariably	a	in_ variable _ly
invariably	n	in_ variable _ly
invariably	r	in_ variable _ly
invariably	v	in_ variable _ly
invasions	n	invasion _s
inveighed	v	inveigh _ed
inveighing	v	inveigh _ing
inveighs	v	inveigh _es
inveigled	v	inveigle _ed
inveigles	v	inveigle _es
invented	v	invent _ed
inventing	v	invent _ing
inventions	n	invention _s
inventively	r	invent _ive _ly
inventiveness	n	invent _ive _ness
inventiveness	v	invent _ive _ness
inventors	n	inventor _s
inventorying	v	inventory _ing
invents	v	invent _es
inversely	r	in_ verse _ly
inverses	n	inverse _s
inversion	n	invert _ion
inversions	n	invert _ion _s
invertebrate	a	in_ vertebrate
invertebrate	n	in_ vertebrate
invertebrate	v	in_ vertebrate
invertebrates	n	in_ vertebrate _s
inverted	v	invert _ed
inverters	n	inverter _s
inverting	v	invert _ing
inverts	v	invert _es
invested	v	invest _ed
investigated	v	investigate _ed
investigates	v	investigate _es
investigations	n	investigation _s
investigators	n	investigator _s
investing	v	invest _ing
investitures	n	investiture _s
investment	n	invest _ment
investments	n	invest _ment _s
investors	n	investor _s
invests	v	invest _es
invigilated	v	invigilate _ed
invigilators	n	invigilator _s
invigorated	v	invigorate _ed
invigorates	v	invigorate _es
invincibility	n	in_ vincible _ity
invincibility	v	in_ vincible _ity
inviolability	n	in_ violate _able _ity
invisibility	n	in_ visible _ity
invisible	a	in_ visible
invisible	n	in_ visible
invisible	v	in_ visible
invisibly	n	in_ visible _ly
invisibly	r	in_ visible _ly
invitations	n	invitation _s
invited	v	invite _ed
invitees	n	invitee _s
invitees	v	invite _es
invites	n	invite _s
invites	v	invite _es
invocations	n	invocation _s
invoiced	v	invoice _ed
invoices	n	invoice _s
invoices	v	invoice _es
invoked	v	invoke _ed
invokes	v	invoke _es
involuntarily	a	in_ voluntary _ly
involuntarily	n	in_ voluntary _ly
involuntarily	r	in_ voluntary _ly
involuntary	a	in_ voluntary
involuntary	n	in_ voluntary
involved	v	involve _ed
involvement	a	involve _ment
involvement	n	involve _ment
involvement	v	involve _ment
involvements	n	involve _ment _s
involves	v	involve _es
invulnerability	n	in_ vulnerable _ity
invulnerable	a	in_ vulnerable
invulnerable	n	in_ vulnerable
inwardly	r	in_ ward _ly
iodides	n	iodide _s
iodized	v	iodize _ed
iodizes	v	iodize _es
ionize	v	ion _ize
ionized	v	ion _ize _ed
ionizes	v	ion _ize _es
ions	n	ion _s
iotas	n	iota _s
irascibility	n	irascible _ity
irises	n	iris _s
irked	v	irk _ed
irking	v	irk _ing
irks	v	irk _es
ironclads	n	ironclad _s
ironed	v	iron _ed
ironic	a	irony _ic
ironic	n	irony _ic
ironic	v	irony _ic
ironing	v	iron _ing
ironmongers	n	ironmonger _s
irons	n	iron _s
irons	v	iron _es
ironwoods	n	ironwood _s
irradiated	v	irradiate _ed
irradiates	v	irradiate _es
irrationality	n	ir_ rational _ity
irrationality	v	ir_ rational _ity
irrationally	r	ir_ rational _ly
irreconcilably	r	ir_ re_ concile _able _ly
irrecoverably	r	ir_ recover _able _ly
irredeemably	r	ir_ re_ deem _able _ly
irreducibly	n	ir_ reduce _ible _ly
irreducibly	r	ir_ reduce _ible _ly
irrefutably	r	ir_ refute _able _ly
irregularity	n	ir_ regular _ity
irregularly	a	ir_ regular _ly
irregularly	r	ir_ regular _ly
irregulars	n	irregular _s
irrelevances	n	irrelevance _s
irrelevantly	r	irrelevant _ly
irremediably	r	ir_ remediable _ly
irreparably	r	ir_ repairable _ly
irrepressibly	a	ir_ re_ press _ible _ly
irrepressibly	r	ir_ re_ press _ible _ly
irresistibly	n	ir_ resist _ible _ly
irresistibly	r	ir_ resist _ible _ly
irresponsibility	n	ir_ response _ible _ity
irresponsibly	r	ir_ response _ible _ly
irretrievably	n	ir_ retrieve _able _ly
irretrievably	r	ir_ retrieve _able _ly
irreverently	r	ir_ reverent _ly
irreversibly	r	ir_ reverse _ible _ly
irreversibly	v	ir_ reverse _ible _ly
irrevocably	a	ir_ revocke _able _ly
irrevocably	r	ir_ revocke _able _ly
irrigable	a	irrigate _able
irrigated	v	irrigate _ed
irrigates	v	irrigate _es
irrigation	n	irrigate _ion
irritability	n	irritate _able _ity
irritable	a	irritate _able
irritably	n	irritate _able _ly
irritably	r	irritate _able _ly
irritants	n	irritant _s
irritated	v	irritate _ed
irritates	v	irritate _es
irritation	n	irritate _ion
irritation	v	irritate _ion
irritations	n	irritate _ion _s
irrupted	v	irrupt _ed
irrupting	v	irrupt _ing
irruptions	n	irruption _s
irrupts	v	irrupt _es
islander	a	island _er
islander	n	island _er
islanders	n	island _er _s
islands	n	island _s
isles	n	isle _s
islets	n	islet _s
isms	n	ism _s
isobars	n	isobar _s
isolated	v	isolate _ed
isolates	v	isolate _es
isolationist	a	isolation _ism _ist
isolationist	n	isolation _ism _ist
isolationists	n	isolation _ism _ist _s
isomers	n	isomer _s
isometrics	n	isometric _s
isotherms	n	isotherm _s
isotopes	n	isotope _s
issued	v	issue _ed
issuers	n	issuer _s
issues	n	issue _s
issues	v	issue _es
italicized	v	italic _ize _ed
italicizes	v	italicize _es
italics	n	italic _s
itched	v	itch _ed
itches	n	itch _s
itches	v	itch _es
itchiness	n	itch _y _ness
itching	v	itch _ing
itchy	a	itch _y
itchy	n	itch _y
itemize	v	item _ize
itemized	v	item _ize _ed
itemizes	v	item _ize _es
items	n	item _s
iterated	v	iterate _ed
iterates	v	iterate _es
iteration	n	iterate _ion
iterations	n	iterate _ion _s
itinerants	n	itinerant _s
its	n	it _s
jabbed	v	jab _ed
jabbered	v	jabber _ed
jabbering	v	jabber _ing
jabbers	n	jabber _s
jabbing	v	jab _ing
jabots	n	jabot _s
jabs	n	jab _s
jabs	v	jab _es
jacarandas	n	jacaranda _s
jackals	n	jackal _s
jackasses	n	jackass _s
jackboots	n	jackboot _s
jackdaws	n	jackdaw _s
jacked	v	jack _ed
jacketed	v	jacket _ed
jackets	n	jacket _s
jackets	v	jacket _es
jackhammers	n	jackhammer _s
jacking	v	jack _ing
jackknifed	v	jackknife _ed
jackknifes	n	jackknife _s
jackpots	n	jackpot _s
jackrabbits	n	jackrabbit _s
jackrabbits	v	jackrabbit _es
jacks	n	jack _s
jacks	v	jack _es
jaded	v	jade _ed
jades	n	jade _s
jagged	v	jag _ed
jags	n	jag _s
jags	v	jag _es
jaguars	n	jaguar _s
jailbirds	n	jailbird _s
jailbreaks	n	jailbreak _s
jailed	v	jail _ed
jailer	n	jail _er
jailers	n	jail _er _s
jailing	v	jail _ing
jails	n	jail _s
jails	v	jail _es
jalapenos	n	jalapeno _s
jalousies	n	jalousie _s
jamborees	n	jamboree _s
jambs	n	jamb _s
jammed	v	jam _ed
jamming	v	jam _ing
jams	n	jam _s
jams	v	jam _es
jangled	v	jangle _ed
jangles	n	jangle _s
jangles	v	jangle _es
janitors	n	janitor _s
japanned	v	japan _ed
japans	n	japan _s
japes	n	jape _s
jarred	v	jar _ed
jarring	v	jar _ing
jarringly	r	jar _ing _ly
jars	n	jar _s
jars	v	jar _es
jasmines	n	jasmine _s
jaundiced	v	jaundice _ed
jaunted	v	jaunt _ed
jauntily	a	jaunty _ly
jauntily	n	jaunty _ly
jauntily	r	jaunty _ly
jauntiness	n	jaunty _ness
jaunting	v	jaunt _ing
jaunts	n	jaunt _s
jaunts	v	jaunt _es
javelins	n	javelin _s
jawbones	n	jawbone _s
jawbreakers	n	jawbreaker _s
jawed	v	jaw _ed
jawing	v	jaw _ing
jaws	n	jaw _s
jaws	v	jaw _es
jays	n	jay _s
jaywalked	v	jaywalk _ed
jaywalkers	n	jaywalker _s
jaywalking	v	jaywalk _ing
jaywalks	v	jaywalk _es
jazzed	v	jazz _ed
jazzes	n	jazz _s
jazzes	v	jazz _es
jazzing	v	jazz _ing
jazzy	a	jazz _y
jazzy	n	jazz _y
jealously	r	jealous _ly
jeans	n	jean _s
jeeps	n	jeep _s
jeered	v	jeer _ed
jeering	v	jeer _ing
jeers	n	jeer _s
jeers	v	jeer _es
jelled	v	jell _ed
jelling	v	jell _ing
jellyfishes	n	jellyfish _s
jeopardize	n	jeopardy _ize
jeopardize	v	jeopardy _ize
jeopardized	v	jeopardy _ize _ed
jeopardizes	v	jeopardy _ize _es
jeremiads	n	jeremiad _s
jerked	v	jerk _ed
jerkily	n	jerk _y _ly
jerkily	r	jerk _y _ly
jerkiness	n	jerk _y _ness
jerking	v	jerk _ing
jerkins	n	jerkin _s
jerks	n	jerk _s
jerks	v	jerk _es
jerky	a	jerk _y
jerky	n	jerk _y
jeroboams	n	jeroboam _s
jerseys	n	jersey _s
jested	v	jest _ed
jester	n	jest _er
jesters	n	jest _er _s
jesting	v	jest _ing
jests	n	jest _s
jests	v	jest _es
jetliners	n	jetliner _s
jets	n	jet _s
jets	v	jet _es
jetted	v	jet _ed
jetting	v	jet _ing
jettisoned	v	jettison _ed
jettisoning	v	jettison _ing
jettisons	v	jettison _es
jewelled	v	jewel _ed
jeweller	n	jewel _er
jewellers	n	jewel _er _s
jewelling	v	jewel _ing
jewels	n	jewel _s
jewels	v	jewel _es
jibbed	v	jib _ed
jibbing	v	jib _ing
jibed	v	jib _ed
jibes	n	jibe _s
jibes	v	jib _es
jibing	v	jib _ing
jibs	n	jib _s
jigged	v	jig _ed
jiggers	n	jigger _s
jigging	v	jig _ing
jiggled	v	jiggle _ed
jiggles	n	jiggle _s
jiggles	v	jiggle _es
jigs	n	jig _s
jigsaws	n	jigsaw _s
jihadists	n	jihadist _s
jihads	n	jihad _s
jilted	v	jilt _ed
jilting	v	jilt _ing
jilts	n	jilt _s
jimmying	v	jimmy _ing
jingled	v	jingle _ed
jingles	n	jingle _s
jingles	v	jingle _es
jingoists	n	jingoist _s
jinxed	v	jinx _ed
jinxes	n	jinx _s
jinxing	v	jinx _ing
jitneys	n	jitney _s
jitterbugging	v	jitterbug _ing
jitterbugs	n	jitterbug _s
jitters	n	jitter _s
jived	v	jive _ed
jives	n	jive _s
jives	v	jive _es
jobbed	v	job _ed
jobber	n	job _er
jobbers	n	job _er _s
jobbing	v	job _ing
jobholders	n	jobholder _s
jobless	a	job _less
jobless	n	job _less
jobs	n	job _s
jobs	v	job _es
jockeyed	v	jockey _ed
jockeying	v	jockey _ing
jockeys	n	jockey _s
jockeys	v	jockey _es
jocks	n	jock _s
jockstraps	n	jockstrap _s
jocularity	n	jocular _ity
jocularly	n	jocular _ly
jocularly	r	jocular _ly
jodhpurs	n	jodhpur _s
jogged	v	jog _ed
jogger	n	jog _er
joggers	n	jog _er _s
jogging	v	jog _ing
joggled	v	joggle _ed
jogs	n	jog _s
jogs	v	jog _es
johnnycakes	n	johnnycake _s
johns	n	john _s
joined	v	join _ed
joiner	n	join _er
joiners	n	join _er _s
joining	v	join _ing
joins	n	join _s
joins	v	join _es
jointed	v	joint _ed
jointing	v	joint _ing
jointly	r	joint _ly
joints	n	joint _s
joints	v	joint _es
joists	n	joist _s
joked	v	joke _ed
joker	n	joke _er
jokers	n	joke _er _s
jokes	n	joke _s
jokes	v	joke _es
jollifications	n	jollification _s
jollity	n	jolly _ity
jollying	v	jolly _ing
jolted	v	jolt _ed
jolting	v	jolt _ing
jolts	n	jolt _s
jolts	v	jolt _es
jonquils	n	jonquil _s
joshed	v	josh _ed
joshing	v	josh _ing
jostled	v	jostle _ed
jostles	n	jostle _s
jostles	v	jostle _es
jots	n	jot _s
jots	v	jot _es
jotted	v	jot _ed
jotter	n	jot _er
jotters	n	jot _er _s
jotting	v	jot _ing
jottings	n	jotting _s
joules	n	joule _s
jounced	v	jounce _ed
jounces	n	jounce _s
jounces	v	jounce _es
journalistic	a	journal _ism _ist _ic
journalistic	n	journal _ism _ist _ic
journalists	n	journalist _s
journals	n	journal _s
journeyed	v	journey _ed
journeyers	n	journeyer _s
journeying	v	journey _ing
journeys	n	journey _s
journeys	v	journey _es
jousted	v	joust _ed
jousting	v	joust _ing
jousts	n	joust _s
jousts	v	joust _es
joviality	n	jovial _ity
jovially	r	jovial _ly
jowls	n	jowl _s
joyed	v	joy _ed
joyful	a	joy _ful
joyful	n	joy _ful
joyfully	r	joy _ful _ly
joyfulness	n	joy _ful _ness
joying	v	joy _ing
joyless	a	joy _less
joyless	n	joy _less
joyous	a	joy _ous
joyously	r	joy _ous _ly
joyousness	n	joy _ous _ness
joyrides	n	joyride _s
joys	n	joy _s
joys	v	joy _es
joysticks	n	joystick _s
jubilantly	r	jubilant _ly
jubilation	n	jubilate _ion
jubilees	n	jubilee _s
juddered	v	judder _ed
juddering	v	judder _ing
judders	v	judder _es
judged	v	judge _ed
judges	n	judge _s
judges	v	judge _es
judgments	n	judgment _s
judicially	r	judge _al _ly
judiciously	r	judicious _ly
jugged	v	jug _ed
juggernauts	n	juggernaut _s
jugging	v	jug _ing
juggled	v	juggle _ed
juggler	n	juggle _er
jugglers	n	juggle _er _s
juggles	n	juggle _s
juggles	v	juggle _es
jugs	n	jug _s
jugs	v	jug _es
jugulars	n	jugular _s
juicers	n	juicer _s
juices	n	juice _s
juicy	a	juice _y
juicy	n	juice _y
jujubes	n	jujube _s
jukeboxes	n	jukebox _s
juleps	n	julep _s
jumbled	v	jumble _ed
jumbles	n	jumble _s
jumbles	v	jumble _es
jumped	v	jump _ed
jumper	a	jump _er
jumper	n	jump _er
jumper	v	jump _er
jumpers	n	jump _er _s
jumping	v	jump _ing
jumps	n	jump _s
jumps	v	jump _es
jumpsuits	n	jumpsuit _s
jumpy	a	jump _y
jumpy	n	jump _y
jumpy	v	jump _y
juncos	n	junco _s
junctions	n	junction _s
junctures	n	juncture _s
jungles	n	jungle _s
juniors	n	junior _s
junipers	n	juniper _s
junked	v	junk _ed
junkers	n	junker _s
junkets	n	junket _s
junking	v	junk _ing
junks	n	junk _s
junks	v	junk _es
junkyards	n	junkyard _s
juntas	n	junta _s
juridically	n	juridical _ly
juridically	r	juridical _ly
jurisdictions	n	jurisdiction _s
jurists	n	jurist _s
jurors	n	juror _s
juster	a	just _er
justices	n	justice _s
justifiable	a	justify _able
justifiable	n	justify _able
justifiably	n	justify _able _ly
justifiably	r	justify _able _ly
justifications	n	justification _s
justifying	v	justify _ing
justly	r	just _ly
justness	n	just _ness
juts	n	jut _s
juts	v	jut _es
jutted	v	jut _ed
jutting	v	jut _ing
juveniles	n	juvenile _s
juxtaposed	v	juxtapose _ed
juxtaposes	v	juxtapose _es
juxtapositions	n	juxtaposition _s
kaisers	n	kaiser _s
kaleidoscopes	n	kaleidoscope _s
kaleidoscopic	a	kaleidoscope _ic
kaleidoscopic	n	kaleidoscope _ic
kaleidoscopic	v	kaleidoscope _ic
kamikazes	n	kamikaze _s
kangaroos	n	kangaroo _s
kappas	n	kappa _s
karaokes	n	karaoke _s
karats	n	karat _s
katydids	n	katydid _s
kayaked	v	kayak _ed
kayaking	v	kayak _ing
kayaks	n	kayak _s
kayaks	v	kayak _es
kazoos	n	kazoo _s
kebabs	n	kebab _s
keeled	v	keel _ed
keeling	v	keel _ing
keels	n	keel _s
keels	v	keel _es
keened	v	keen _ed
keener	a	keen _er
keenest	a	keen _est
keening	v	keen _ing
keenly	a	keen _ly
keenly	n	keen _ly
keenly	r	keen _ly
keenly	v	keen _ly
keenness	n	keen _ness
keens	n	keen _s
keens	v	keen _es
keeper	a	keep _er
keeper	n	keep _er
keeper	o	keep _er
keeper	v	keep _er
keepers	n	keep _er _s
keeping	v	keep _ing
keeps	n	keep _s
keeps	v	keep _es
keepsakes	n	keepsake _s
kegs	n	keg _s
kelvins	n	kelvin _s
kennelled	v	kennel _ed
kennelling	v	kennel _ing
kennels	n	kennel _s
kennels	v	kennel _es
kens	n	ken _s
kerchiefs	n	kerchief _s
kerfuffles	n	kerfuffle _s
kernels	n	kernel _s
kestrels	n	kestrel _s
ketches	n	ketch _s
ketones	n	ketone _s
kettledrums	n	kettledrum _s
kettles	n	kettle _s
keyboardists	n	keyboardist _s
keyboards	n	keyboard _s
keyed	v	key _ed
keyholes	n	keyhole _s
keying	v	key _ing
keynoted	v	keynote _ed
keynotes	n	keynote _s
keynotes	v	keynote _es
keypads	n	keypad _s
keys	n	key _s
keys	v	key _es
keystones	n	keystone _s
keystrokes	n	keystroke _s
khakis	n	khaki _s
khans	n	khan _s
kibbles	n	kibble _s
kibbutzim	n	kibbutz _im
kibitzed	v	kibitz _ed
kibitzers	n	kibitzer _s
kibitzes	v	kibitz _es
kibitzing	v	kibitz _ing
kickbacks	n	kickback _s
kicked	v	kick _ed
kicker	n	kick _er
kicker	v	kick _er
kickers	n	kick _er _s
kicking	v	kick _ing
kickoffs	n	kickoff _s
kicks	n	kick _s
kicks	v	kick _es
kickstands	n	kickstand _s
kidded	v	kid _ed
kidding	v	kid _ing
kidnapped	v	kidnap _ed
kidnapper	n	kidnap _er
kidnapper	v	kidnap _er
kidnappers	n	kidnap _er _s
kidnapping	v	kidnap _ing
kidnappings	n	kidnapping _s
kidnaps	v	kidnap _es
kidneys	n	kidney _s
kids	n	kid _s
kids	v	kid _es
kikes	n	kike _s
killed	v	kill _ed
killer	a	kill _er
killer	n	kill _er
killer	o	kill _er
killer	v	kill _er
killers	n	kill _er _s
killing	v	kill _ing
killings	n	killing _s
killings	v	kill _es
killjoys	n	killjoy _s
kills	n	kill _s
kills	v	kill _es
kilns	n	kiln _s
kilobytes	n	kilobyte _s
kilocycles	n	kilocycle _s
kilograms	n	kilogram _s
kilolitres	n	kilolitre _s
kilometres	n	kilometre _s
kilos	n	kilo _s
kilotons	n	kiloton _s
kilowatts	n	kilowatt _s
kilts	n	kilt _s
kimonos	n	kimono _s
kinder	a	kind _er
kindergartens	n	kindergarten _s
kindergartners	n	kindergartner _s
kindest	a	kind _est
kindled	v	kindle _ed
kindles	v	kindle _es
kindliness	a	kind _ly _ness
kindliness	n	kind _ly _ness
kindly	a	kind _ly
kindly	n	kind _ly
kindly	r	kind _ly
kindly	v	kind _ly
kindness	a	kind _ness
kindness	n	kind _ness
kindness	o	kind _ness
kindness	r	kind _ness
kindness	v	kind _ness
kindnesses	n	kind _ness _s
kinds	n	kind _s
kines	n	kine _s
kingdoms	n	kingdom _s
kingfishers	n	kingfisher _s
kingmakers	n	kingmaker _s
kingpins	n	kingpin _s
kings	n	king _s
kinked	v	kink _ed
kinking	v	kink _ing
kinks	n	kink _s
kinks	v	kink _es
kinky	a	kink _y
kinky	n	kink _y
kinky	o	kink _y
kinky	v	kink _y
kiosks	n	kiosk _s
kipped	v	kip _ed
kippers	n	kipper _s
kipping	v	kip _ing
kips	n	kip _s
kissable	a	kiss _able
kissed	v	kiss _ed
kisser	n	kiss _er
kissers	n	kiss _er _s
kisses	n	kiss _s
kisses	v	kiss _es
kissing	v	kiss _ing
kitchenettes	n	kitchenette _s
kitchens	n	kitchen _s
kited	v	kit _ed
kites	n	kite _s
kites	v	kit _es
kiting	v	kit _ing
kits	n	kit _s
kits	v	kit _es
kittens	n	kitten _s
kittens	v	kitten _es
kiwis	n	kiwi _s
klaxons	n	klaxon _s
kleptomaniacs	n	kleptomaniac _s
kludges	n	kludge _s
knackers	n	knacker _s
knacks	n	knack _s
knapsacks	n	knapsack _s
knaves	n	knave _s
kneaded	v	knead _ed
kneading	v	knead _ing
kneads	v	knead _es
kneecapped	v	kneecap _ed
kneecapping	v	kneecap _ing
kneecaps	n	kneecap _s
kneecaps	v	kneecap _es
kneeling	v	kneel _ing
kneels	n	kneel _s
kneels	v	kneel _es
knees	n	knee _s
knelled	v	knell _ed
knells	n	knell _s
knickknacks	n	knickknack _s
knifed	v	knife _ed
knifes	n	knife _s
knifes	v	knife _es
knighted	v	knight _ed
knighthoods	n	knighthood _s
knighting	v	knight _ing
knights	n	knight _s
knights	v	knight _es
knishes	n	knish _s
knits	n	knit _s
knits	v	knit _es
knitted	v	knit _ed
knitter	a	knit _er
knitter	n	knit _er
knitters	n	knit _er _s
knitting	v	knit _ing
knobby	a	knob _y
knobby	n	knob _y
knobs	n	knob _s
knockdowns	n	knockdown _s
knocked	v	knock _ed
knocker	n	knock _er
knocker	v	knock _er
knockers	n	knock _er _s
knocking	v	knock _ing
knockoffs	n	knockoff _s
knockouts	n	knockout _s
knocks	n	knock _s
knocks	v	knock _es
knolls	n	knoll _s
knotholes	n	knothole _s
knots	n	knot _s
knots	v	knot _es
knotted	v	knot _ed
knotting	v	knot _ing
knotty	a	knot _y
knotty	n	knot _y
knotty	r	knot _y
knotty	v	knot _y
knowing	v	know _ing
knowings	n	knowing _s
knowledgeably	n	knowledge _able _ly
knowledgeably	r	knowledge _able _ly
known	v	know _n
knows	n	know _s
knows	v	know _es
knuckled	v	knuckle _ed
knuckleheads	n	knucklehead _s
knuckles	n	knuckle _s
knuckles	v	knuckle _es
koalas	n	koala _s
koans	n	koan _s
kohlrabies	n	kohlrabi _s
kolas	n	kola _s
kookaburras	n	kookaburra _s
kooks	n	kook _s
kopecks	n	kopeck _s
kowtowed	v	kowtow _ed
kowtowing	v	kowtow _ing
kowtows	v	kowtow _es
kraals	n	kraal _s
krauts	n	kraut _s
kroner	n	krone _r
ks	n	k _s
kumquats	n	kumquat _s
kvetched	v	kvetch _ed
kvetches	n	kvetch _s
kvetching	v	kvetch _ing
labelled	v	label _ed
labelling	v	label _ing
labels	n	label _s
labels	v	label _es
laborious	a	labour _ous
laboriously	r	labour _ous _ly
laboured	v	labour _ed
labourer	a	labour _er
labourer	n	labour _er
labourers	n	labour _er _s
labouring	v	labour _ing
labours	n	labour _s
labours	v	labour _es
labs	n	lab _s
laburnums	n	laburnum _s
labyrinths	n	labyrinth _s
laced	v	lace _ed
lacerated	v	lacerate _ed
lacerates	v	lacerate _es
lacerations	n	laceration _s
laces	n	lace _s
laces	v	lace _es
lacewings	n	lacewing _s
lacked	v	lack _ed
lackeys	n	lackey _s
lacking	v	lack _ing
lacks	n	lack _s
lacks	v	lack _es
lacquered	v	lacquer _ed
lacquering	v	lacquer _ing
lacquers	n	lacquer _s
lacquers	v	lacquer _es
lactated	v	lactate _ed
lactates	n	lactate _s
lactates	v	lactate _es
lacunae	n	lacuna _e
lacy	a	lace _y
lacy	n	lace _y
laddered	v	ladder _ed
laddering	v	ladder _ing
ladders	n	ladder _s
ladders	v	ladder _es
laddies	n	laddie _s
laded	v	lade _ed
laden	v	lade _n
lades	v	lade _es
ladled	v	ladle _ed
ladles	n	ladle _s
ladles	v	ladle _es
lads	n	lad _s
ladybirds	n	ladybird _s
ladybugs	n	ladybug _s
ladyfingers	n	ladyfinger _s
lagers	n	lager _s
laggards	n	laggard _s
lagged	v	lag _ed
lagging	v	lag _ing
lagoons	n	lagoon _s
lags	n	lag _s
lags	v	lag _es
lairds	n	laird _s
lairs	n	lair _s
laity	n	lay _ity
lakefronts	n	lakefront _s
lakes	n	lake _s
lamas	n	lama _s
lambasted	v	lambast _ed
lambastes	v	lambast _es
lambasting	v	lambast _ing
lambed	v	lamb _ed
lambing	v	lamb _ing
lambkins	n	lambkin _s
lambs	n	lamb _s
lambs	v	lamb _es
lamed	v	lame _ed
lamely	r	lame _ly
lameness	a	lame _ness
lameness	n	lame _ness
lameness	v	lame _ness
lamentable	a	lament _able
lamentably	r	lament _able _ly
lamentations	n	lamentation _s
lamented	v	lament _ed
lamenting	v	lament _ing
laments	n	lament _s
laments	v	lament _es
lamer	a	lame _r
lames	n	lame _s
lamest	a	lame _st
laminae	n	lamina _e
laminated	v	laminate _ed
laminates	n	laminate _s
laminates	v	laminate _es
laming	v	lame _ing
lammed	v	lam _ed
lamming	v	lam _ing
lamplighters	n	lamplighter _s
lampooned	v	lampoon _ed
lampooning	v	lampoon _ing
lampoons	n	lampoon _s
lampoons	v	lampoon _es
lampposts	n	lamppost _s
lampreys	n	lamprey _s
lamps	n	lamp _s
lampshades	n	lampshade _s
lams	n	lam _s
lanais	n	lanai _s
lanced	v	lance _ed
lancer	a	lance _er
lancer	n	lance _er
lancer	v	lance _er
lancers	n	lance _er _s
lances	n	lance _s
lances	v	lance _es
lancets	n	lancet _s
landaus	n	landau _s
landed	v	land _ed
landfalls	n	landfall _s
landfills	n	landfill _s
landholders	n	landholder _s
landholdings	n	landholding _s
landing	v	land _ing
landings	n	landing _s
landings	v	land _es
landless	a	land _less
landless	n	land _less
landless	v	land _less
landlines	n	landline _s
landlords	n	landlord _s
landlubbers	n	landlubber _s
landmarks	n	landmark _s
landmasses	n	landmass _s
landowners	n	landowner _s
lands	n	land _s
lands	v	land _es
landscaped	v	landscape _ed
landscapers	n	landscaper _s
landscapes	n	landscape _s
landscapes	v	landscape _es
landslides	n	landslide _s
landslips	n	landslip _s
lanes	n	lane _s
languages	n	language _s
languidly	r	languid _ly
languished	v	languish _ed
languishes	v	languish _es
languishing	v	languish _ing
languorous	a	languor _ous
lanterns	n	lantern _s
lanyards	n	lanyard _s
lapdogs	n	lapdog _s
lapels	n	lapel _s
lapins	n	lapin _s
lapped	v	lap _ed
lapping	v	lap _ing
laps	n	lap _s
laps	v	lap _es
lapsed	v	lapse _ed
lapses	n	lapse _s
lapses	v	lapse _es
laptops	n	laptop _s
lapwings	n	lapwing _s
larches	n	larch _s
larded	v	lard _ed
larder	a	lard _er
larder	n	lard _er
larder	o	lard _er
larders	n	lard _er _s
larding	v	lard _ing
lards	v	lard _es
largely	r	large _ly
largeness	n	large _ness
larger	a	large _r
larges	n	large _s
largest	a	large _st
largos	n	largo _s
lariats	n	lariat _s
larked	v	lark _ed
larking	v	lark _ing
larks	n	lark _s
larks	v	lark _es
larkspurs	n	larkspur _s
larvae	n	larva _e
larval	a	larva _al
larval	n	larva _al
laryngeal	a	larynx _al
laryngeal	n	larynx _al
lasagnes	n	lasagne _s
lasciviously	r	lascivious _ly
lasciviousness	n	lascivious _ness
lasers	n	laser _s
lashed	v	lash _ed
lashes	n	lash _s
lashes	v	lash _es
lashing	v	lash _ing
lashings	n	lashing _s
lashings	v	lash _es
lasses	n	lass _s
lassies	n	lassie _s
lassoed	v	lasso _ed
lassoing	v	lasso _ing
lassos	n	lasso _s
lassos	v	lasso _es
lasted	v	last _ed
lasting	v	last _ing
lastly	r	last _ly
lasts	n	last _s
lasts	v	last _es
latched	v	latch _ed
latches	n	latch _s
latches	v	latch _es
latching	v	latch _ing
latecomers	n	latecomer _s
lately	a	late _ly
lately	r	late _ly
lateness	a	late _ness
lateness	n	late _ness
later	a	late _r
laterally	r	lateral _ly
laterals	n	lateral _s
latest	a	late _st
lathered	v	lather _ed
lathering	v	lather _ing
lathers	n	lather _s
lathers	v	lather _es
lathes	n	lathe _s
laths	n	lath _s
latitudes	n	latitude _s
latitudinal	a	latitude _al
latrines	n	latrine _s
lats	n	lat _s
latterly	a	latter _ly
latterly	r	latter _ly
lattes	n	latte _s
lattices	n	lattice _s
laudable	a	laud _able
laudable	n	laud _able
laudably	r	laud _able _ly
lauded	v	laud _ed
lauding	v	laud _ing
lauds	v	laud _es
laughable	a	laugh _able
laughably	r	laugh _able _ly
laughed	v	laugh _ed
laughing	v	laugh _ing
laughingly	r	laugh _ing _ly
laughingly	v	laugh _ing _ly
laughingstocks	n	laughingstock _s
laughs	n	laugh _s
laughs	v	laugh _es
launched	v	launch _ed
launchers	n	launcher _s
launches	n	launch _s
launches	v	launch _es
launching	v	launch _ing
launchpads	n	launchpad _s
laundered	v	launder _ed
launderer	n	launder _er
launderettes	n	launderette _s
laundering	v	launder _ing
launders	v	launder _es
laundresses	n	laundress _s
laundromats	n	laundromat _s
laureates	n	laureate _s
laurels	n	laurel _s
laved	v	lave _ed
lavenders	n	lavender _s
lavished	v	lavish _ed
lavishes	v	lavish _es
lavishing	v	lavish _ing
lavishly	a	lavish _ly
lavishly	n	lavish _ly
lavishly	r	lavish _ly
lavishness	a	lavish _ness
lavishness	n	lavish _ness
lavishness	v	lavish _ness
lavs	n	lav _s
lawbreakers	n	lawbreaker _s
lawful	a	law _ful
lawful	n	law _ful
lawful	v	law _ful
lawfully	r	law _ful _ly
lawfulness	n	law _ful _ness
lawgivers	n	lawgiver _s
lawless	a	law _less
lawless	n	law _less
lawless	o	law _less
lawless	v	law _less
lawlessness	a	law _less _ness
lawlessness	n	law _less _ness
lawlessness	v	law _less _ness
lawmakers	n	lawmaker _s
lawns	n	lawn _s
laws	n	law _s
lawsuits	n	lawsuit _s
lawyers	n	lawyer _s
laxatives	n	laxative _s
laxer	a	lax _er
laxest	a	lax _est
laxity	n	lax _ity
laxness	n	lax _ness
layabouts	n	layabout _s
layer	a	lay _er
layer	n	lay _er
layer	o	lay _er
layer	v	lay _er
layered	v	lay _er _ed
layering	v	lay _er _ing
layers	n	lay _er _s
layers	v	lay _er _es
laying	v	lay _ing
layoffs	n	layoff _s
layouts	n	layout _s
layovers	n	layover _s
laypersons	n	layperson _s
lays	n	lay _s
lays	v	lay _es
layups	n	layup _s
lazed	v	laze _ed
lazes	v	laze _es
lazily	a	laze _y _ly
lazily	r	laze _y _ly
laziness	a	laze _y _ness
laziness	n	laze _y _ness
laziness	r	laze _y _ness
laziness	v	laze _y _ness
lazy	a	laze _y
lazy	n	laze _y
lazy	r	laze _y
lazy	v	laze _y
lbs	n	lb _s
leached	v	leach _ed
leaches	n	leach _s
leaches	v	leach _es
leaching	v	leach _ing
leaded	v	lead _ed
leader	n	lead _er
leaderless	a	lead _er _less
leaderless	n	lead _er _less
leaderless	o	lead _er _less
leaderless	r	lead _er _less
leaders	n	lead _er _s
leaderships	n	leadership _s
leading	v	lead _ing
leads	n	lead _s
leads	v	lead _es
leafed	v	leaf _ed
leafing	v	leaf _ing
leafless	a	leaf _less
leafless	n	leaf _less
leaflets	n	leaflet _s
leafs	n	leaf _s
leafs	v	leaf _es
leafy	a	leaf _y
leafy	n	leaf _y
leafy	v	leaf _y
leagued	v	league _ed
leagues	n	league _s
leagues	v	league _es
leakages	n	leakage _s
leaked	v	leak _ed
leaking	v	leak _ing
leaks	n	leak _s
leaks	v	leak _es
leaky	a	leak _y
leaky	n	leak _y
leaky	v	leak _y
leaned	v	lean _ed
leaner	a	lean _er
leanest	a	lean _est
leaning	v	lean _ing
leanings	n	leaning _s
leanness	n	lean _ness
leans	n	lean _s
leans	v	lean _es
leapers	n	leaper _s
leapfrogged	v	leapfrog _ed
leapfrogging	v	leapfrog _ing
leapfrogs	n	leapfrog _s
leapfrogs	v	leapfrog _es
leaping	v	leap _ing
leaps	n	leap _s
leaps	v	leap _es
leapt	v	leap _t
learned	v	learn _ed
learner	a	learn _er
learner	n	learn _er
learners	n	learn _er _s
learning	v	learn _ing
learns	v	learn _es
leas	n	lea _s
leased	v	lease _ed
leaseholders	n	leaseholder _s
leaseholds	n	leasehold _s
leases	n	lease _s
leases	v	lease _es
leashed	v	leash _ed
leashes	n	leash _s
leashes	v	leash _es
leashing	v	leash _ing
leathernecks	n	leatherneck _s
leathers	n	leather _s
leathers	v	leather _es
leathery	a	leather _y
leathery	n	leather _y
leaved	v	leave _ed
leavened	v	leaven _ed
leavening	v	leaven _ing
leavens	v	leaven _es
leavers	n	leaver _s
leaves	v	leave _es
leavings	n	leaving _s
lecherous	a	lecher _ous
lechers	n	lecher _s
leches	n	lech _s
lecterns	n	lectern _s
lectured	v	lecture _ed
lecturer	a	lecture _er
lecturer	n	lecture _er
lecturer	v	lecture _er
lecturers	n	lecture _er _s
lectures	n	lecture _s
lectures	v	lecture _es
lectureships	n	lectureship _s
ledgers	n	ledger _s
ledges	n	ledge _s
leeched	v	leech _ed
leeches	n	leech _s
leeches	v	leech _es
leeching	v	leech _ing
leeks	n	leek _s
leered	v	leer _ed
leering	v	leer _ing
leers	n	leer _s
leers	v	leer _es
lees	n	lee _s
leewards	n	leeward _s
leftest	a	left _est
leftists	n	leftist _s
leftovers	n	leftover _s
lefts	n	left _s
legalisms	n	legalism _s
legality	n	legal _ity
legalized	v	legalize _ed
legalizes	v	legalize _es
legally	a	legal _ly
legally	r	legal _ly
legatees	n	legatee _s
legates	n	legate _s
legations	n	legation _s
legends	n	legend _s
leggings	n	legging _s
leggy	a	leg _y
leggy	n	leg _y
leghorns	n	leghorn _s
legibility	n	legible _ity
legibly	r	legible _ly
legionnaires	n	legionnaire _s
legions	n	legion _s
legislated	v	legislate _ed
legislates	v	legislate _es
legislation	n	legislate _ion
legislatively	r	legislation _ive _ly
legislators	n	legislator _s
legislatures	n	legislature _s
legitimated	v	legitimate _ed
legitimately	r	legitim _ate _ly
legitimates	v	legitimate _es
legitimatized	v	legitimatize _ed
legitimatizes	v	legitimatize _es
legitimized	v	legitimize _ed
legitimizes	v	legitimize _es
legless	a	leg _less
legless	n	leg _less
legless	r	leg _less
legs	n	leg _s
legumes	n	legume _s
leguminous	a	legume _ous
leis	n	lei _s
leitmotifs	n	leitmotif _s
leitmotivs	n	leitmotiv _s
lemmas	n	lemma _s
lemmings	n	lemming _s
lemonades	n	lemonade _s
lemons	n	lemon _s
lemurs	n	lemur _s
lender	n	lend _er
lender	r	lend _er
lender	v	lend _er
lenders	n	lend _er _s
lending	v	lend _ing
lends	v	lend _es
lengthened	v	lengthen _ed
lengthening	v	lengthen _ing
lengthens	v	lengthen _es
lengthily	r	length _y _ly
lengths	n	length _s
lengthy	a	length _y
lengthy	n	length _y
lengthy	v	length _y
leniently	r	lenient _ly
lenses	n	lens _s
lentils	n	lentil _s
leopardesses	n	leopardess _s
leopards	n	leopard _s
leotards	n	leotard _s
lepers	n	leper _s
leprechauns	n	leprechaun _s
leprous	a	leper _ous
leptons	n	lepton _s
lesbians	n	lesbian _s
lesions	n	lesion _s
less	n	le _s
lessees	n	lessee _s
lessened	v	lessen _ed
lessening	v	lessen _ing
lessens	v	lessen _es
lesser	a	less _er
lessons	n	lesson _s
lessors	n	lessor _s
lest	a	l _est
letdowns	n	letdown _s
lethargic	a	lethargy _ic
lethargic	n	lethargy _ic
lethargic	r	lethargy _ic
lethargic	v	lethargy _ic
lets	n	let _s
lets	v	let _es
lettered	v	letter _ed
letterers	n	letterer _s
letterheads	n	letterhead _s
lettering	v	letter _ing
letters	n	letter _s
letters	v	letter _es
letting	v	let _ing
lettings	n	letting _s
lettuces	n	lettuce _s
leukocytes	n	leukocyte _s
levees	n	levee _s
levelled	v	level _ed
leveller	n	level _er
levellers	n	level _er _s
levelling	v	level _ing
levels	n	level _s
leveraged	v	leverage _ed
leverages	n	leverage _s
leverages	v	leverage _es
levered	v	lever _ed
levering	v	lever _ing
levers	n	lever _s
levers	v	lever _es
leviathans	n	leviathan _s
levitated	v	levitate _ed
levitates	v	levitate _es
levitation	a	levitate _ion
levitation	n	levitate _ion
levying	v	levy _ing
lewder	a	lewd _er
lewdest	a	lewd _est
lewdly	r	lewd _ly
lewdness	n	lewd _ness
lewdness	r	lewd _ness
lexical	a	lexicon _al
lexicographers	n	lexicographer _s
lexicons	n	lexicon _s
liability	n	liable _ity
liaised	v	liaise _ed
liaises	v	liaise _es
liaisons	n	liaison _s
liars	n	liar _s
libations	n	libation _s
libbers	n	libber _s
libelled	v	libel _ed
libelling	v	libel _ing
libellous	a	libel _ous
libels	n	libel _s
libels	v	libel _es
liberality	n	liberal _ity
liberalizations	n	liberalization _s
liberalize	v	liberal _ize
liberalized	v	liberal _ize _ed
liberalizes	v	liberal _ize _es
liberally	r	liberal _ly
liberals	n	liberal _s
liberated	v	liberate _ed
liberates	v	liberate _es
liberation	a	liberate _ion
liberation	n	liberate _ion
liberation	v	liberate _ion
liberators	n	liberator _s
libertarians	n	libertarian _s
libertines	n	libertine _s
libidos	n	libido _s
librarians	n	librarian _s
librettist	a	libretto _ist
librettist	n	libretto _ist
librettist	v	libretto _ist
librettists	n	libretto _ist _s
librettos	n	libretto _s
licences	n	licence _s
licences	v	licence _es
licensed	v	license _ed
licensees	n	licensee _s
licensees	v	license _es
licenses	n	license _s
licenses	v	license _es
licentiates	n	licentiate _s
licentious	a	licence _ous
licentiousness	n	licence _ous _ness
licentiousness	v	licence _ous _ness
lichens	n	lichen _s
licked	v	lick _ed
licking	v	lick _ing
licks	n	lick _s
licks	v	lick _es
lidless	a	lid _less
lidless	n	lid _less
lidos	n	lido _s
lids	n	lid _s
lied	v	lie _ed
lieder	n	lied _er
lieges	n	liege _s
liens	n	lien _s
lies	n	lie _s
lies	v	lie _es
lieutenants	n	lieutenant _s
lifeboats	n	lifeboat _s
lifeguards	n	lifeguard _s
lifeless	a	life _less
lifeless	n	life _less
lifeless	r	life _less
lifelessly	r	life _less _ly
lifelessness	n	life _less _ness
lifelines	n	lifeline _s
lifers	n	lifer _s
lifesavers	n	lifesaver _s
lifespans	n	lifespan _s
lifestyles	n	lifestyle _s
lifetimes	n	lifetime _s
lifted	v	lift _ed
lifters	n	lifter _s
lifting	v	lift _ing
liftoffs	n	liftoff _s
lifts	n	lift _s
lifts	v	lift _es
ligament	a	ligate _ment
ligament	n	ligate _ment
ligaments	n	ligate _ment _s
ligated	v	ligate _ed
ligatures	n	ligature _s
lighted	v	light _ed
lightened	v	lighten _ed
lightening	v	lighten _ing
lightens	v	lighten _es
lighter	a	light _er
lighter	n	light _er
lighter	r	light _er
lighter	v	light _er
lighters	n	light _er _s
lightest	a	light _est
lighthouses	n	lighthouse _s
lighting	v	light _ing
lightly	n	light _ly
lightly	r	light _ly
lightness	a	light _ness
lightness	n	light _ness
lightness	r	light _ness
lightness	v	light _ness
lightnings	n	lightning _s
lights	n	light _s
lights	v	light _es
lightships	n	lightship _s
lightweights	n	lightweight _s
liked	v	like _ed
likelihoods	n	likelihood _s
likely	a	like _ly
likely	r	like _ly
likely	v	like _ly
likened	v	liken _ed
likeness	a	like _ness
likeness	n	like _ness
likeness	v	like _ness
likenesses	n	like _ness _s
likenesses	v	liken _es
likening	v	liken _ing
likens	v	liken _es
liker	a	like _r
likes	n	like _s
likes	v	like _es
lilacs	n	lilac _s
lilos	n	lilo _s
lilted	v	lilt _ed
lilting	v	lilt _ing
lilts	n	lilt _s
limbered	v	limber _ed
limbering	v	limber _ing
limbers	n	limber _s
limbers	v	limber _es
limbless	a	limb _less
limbless	n	limb _less
limbs	n	limb _s
limeades	n	limeade _s
limed	v	lime _ed
limericks	n	limerick _s
limes	n	lime _s
limes	v	lime _es
limey	a	lime _y
limey	n	lime _y
limey	v	lime _y
limeys	n	lime _y _s
limitations	n	limitation _s
limited	v	limit _ed
limiters	n	limiter _s
limiting	v	limit _ing
limitless	a	limit _less
limitless	n	limit _less
limitless	v	limit _less
limits	n	limit _s
limits	v	limit _es
limned	v	limn _ed
limning	v	limn _ing
limos	n	limo _s
limousines	n	limousine _s
limped	v	limp _ed
limper	a	limp _er
limpest	a	limp _est
limpets	n	limpet _s
limping	v	limp _ing
limply	n	limp _ly
limply	r	limp _ly
limply	v	limp _ly
limps	n	limp _s
limps	v	limp _es
limy	a	lime _y
limy	n	lime _y
linchpins	n	linchpin _s
lindens	n	linden _s
lineages	n	lineage _s
lineal	a	line _al
lineal	n	line _al
lineaments	n	lineament _s
linebackers	n	linebacker _s
lined	v	line _ed
linens	n	linen _s
liner	a	line _er
liner	n	line _er
liner	r	line _er
liner	v	line _er
liners	n	line _er _s
lines	n	line _s
lines	v	line _es
lineups	n	lineup _s
lingered	v	linger _ed
lingering	v	linger _ing
lingers	v	linger _es
lings	n	ling _s
linguistic	a	linguist _ic
linguistic	n	linguist _ic
linguists	n	linguist _s
liniments	n	liniment _s
linings	n	lining _s
linkages	n	linkage _s
linked	v	link _ed
linking	v	link _ing
links	n	link _s
links	v	link _es
linkups	n	linkup _s
linnets	n	linnet _s
lintels	n	lintel _s
lints	n	lint _s
lionesses	n	lioness _s
lionized	v	lion _ize _ed
lionizes	v	lionize _es
lions	n	lion _s
lipids	n	lipid _s
lipreading	v	lipread _ing
lips	n	lip _s
lipsticked	v	lipstick _ed
lipsticks	n	lipstick _s
lipsticks	v	lipstick _es
liquefaction	n	liquefy _ion
liquefying	v	liquefy _ing
liqueurs	n	liqueur _s
liquidated	v	liquidate _ed
liquidates	v	liquidate _es
liquidation	n	liquidate _ion
liquidations	n	liquidate _ion _s
liquidators	n	liquidator _s
liquidity	n	liquid _ity
liquidize	v	liquid _ize
liquidized	v	liquid _ize _ed
liquids	n	liquid _s
liquors	n	liquor _s
lisped	v	lisp _ed
lispers	n	lisper _s
lisping	v	lisp _ing
lisps	n	lisp _s
lisps	v	lisp _es
listed	v	list _ed
listenable	a	listen _able
listened	v	listen _ed
listener	a	listen _er
listener	n	listen _er
listener	r	listen _er
listener	v	listen _er
listeners	n	listen _er _s
listening	v	listen _ing
listens	v	listen _es
listing	v	list _ing
listings	n	listing _s
listings	v	list _es
listless	a	list _less
listless	n	list _less
listlessly	r	list _less _ly
listlessness	n	list _less _ness
lists	n	list _s
lists	v	list _es
literally	a	literal _ly
literally	n	literal _ly
literally	r	literal _ly
literalness	n	literal _ness
literals	n	literal _s
literates	n	literate _s
lither	a	lithe _r
lithographed	v	lithograph _ed
lithographers	n	lithographer _s
lithographic	a	lithograph _ic
lithographs	n	lithograph _s
lithographs	v	lithograph _es
litigants	n	litigant _s
litigated	v	litigate _ed
litigates	v	litigate _es
litigation	n	litigate _ion
litigation	v	litigate _ion
litigators	n	litigator _s
litigious	a	litigate _ion _ous
litres	n	litre _s
litterbugs	n	litterbug _s
littered	v	litter _ed
litterers	n	litterer _s
littering	v	litter _ing
litters	n	litter _s
litters	v	litter _es
littleness	n	little _ness
littler	a	little _r
littlest	a	little _st
littorals	n	littoral _s
liturgically	r	liturgic _al _ly
liturgists	n	liturgist _s
livable	a	live _able
lived	v	live _ed
livelihoods	n	livelihood _s
liveliness	n	live _ly _ness
livened	v	liven _ed
livening	v	liven _ing
livens	v	liven _es
liver	a	live _er
liver	n	live _er
liver	o	live _er
liver	r	live _er
liver	v	live _er
livers	n	live _er _s
liverworts	n	liverwort _s
livery	a	live _er _y
livery	n	live _er _y
livery	v	live _er _y
lives	v	live _es
livest	a	liv _est
livings	n	living _s
lizards	n	lizard _s
llamas	n	llama _s
llanos	n	llano _s
loaded	v	load _ed
loaders	n	loader _s
loading	v	load _ing
loads	n	load _s
loads	v	load _es
loafed	v	loaf _ed
loafer	n	loaf _er
loafers	n	loaf _er _s
loafing	v	loaf _ing
loafs	n	loaf _s
loafs	v	loaf _es
loamy	a	loam _y
loamy	n	loam _y
loaned	v	loan _ed
loaners	n	loaner _s
loaning	v	loan _ing
loans	n	loan _s
loans	v	loan _es
loanwords	n	loanword _s
loathed	v	loathe _ed
loathers	n	loather _s
loathes	v	loathe _es
loathings	n	loathing _s
lobbed	v	lob _ed
lobbing	v	lob _ing
lobbying	v	lobby _ing
lobbyist	n	lobby _ist
lobbyists	n	lobby _ist _s
lobed	v	lob _ed
lobes	n	lobe _s
lobes	v	lob _es
lobs	n	lob _s
lobs	v	lob _es
lobsters	n	lobster _s
locales	n	locale _s
locality	a	local _ity
locality	n	local _ity
localize	v	local _ize
localized	v	local _ize _ed
localizes	v	local _ize _es
locally	n	local _ly
locally	r	local _ly
locals	n	local _s
located	v	locate _ed
locates	v	locate _es
location	a	locate _ion
location	n	locate _ion
location	v	locate _ion
locations	n	locate _ion _s
locators	n	locator _s
lockable	a	lock _able
locked	v	lock _ed
locker	n	lock _er
lockers	n	lock _er _s
lockets	n	locket _s
locking	v	lock _ing
lockouts	n	lockout _s
locks	n	lock _s
locks	v	lock _es
locksmiths	n	locksmith _s
lockups	n	lockup _s
locomotives	n	locomotive _s
locums	n	locum _s
locusts	n	locust _s
locutions	n	locution _s
lodes	n	lode _s
lodestars	n	lodestar _s
lodestones	n	lodestone _s
lodged	v	lodge _ed
lodger	a	lodge _er
lodger	n	lodge _er
lodgers	n	lodge _er _s
lodges	n	lodge _s
lodges	v	lodge _es
lodgings	n	lodging _s
lofted	v	loft _ed
loftily	r	loft _y _ly
loftiness	n	loft _y _ness
loftiness	o	loft _y _ness
lofting	v	loft _ing
lofts	n	loft _s
lofts	v	loft _es
lofty	a	loft _y
lofty	n	loft _y
lofty	r	loft _y
lofty	v	loft _y
logarithmic	a	logarithm _ic
logarithms	n	logarithm _s
logbooks	n	logbook _s
loges	n	loge _s
logged	v	log _ed
logger	a	log _er
logger	n	log _er
loggerheads	n	loggerhead _s
loggers	n	log _er _s
loggias	n	loggia _s
logging	v	log _ing
logical	a	logic _al
logical	n	logic _al
logically	r	logic _al _ly
logicians	n	logician _s
logjams	n	logjam _s
logos	n	logo _s
logrolling	v	logroll _ing
logs	n	log _s
logs	v	log _es
loincloths	n	loincloth _s
loins	n	loin _s
loitered	v	loiter _ed
loiterers	n	loiter _er _s
loitering	v	loiter _ing
lolled	v	loll _ed
lolling	v	loll _ing
lollipops	n	lollipop _s
lolloped	v	lollop _ed
lolloping	v	lollop _ing
lollops	v	lollop _es
lolls	v	loll _es
loneliness	a	lone _ly _ness
loneliness	n	lone _ly _ness
loneliness	o	lone _ly _ness
loneliness	r	lone _ly _ness
loneliness	v	lone _ly _ness
lonely	a	lone _ly
lonely	r	lone _ly
loners	n	loner _s
longboats	n	longboat _s
longbows	n	longbow _s
longed	v	long _ed
longer	a	long _er
longest	a	long _est
longhorns	n	longhorn _s
longing	v	long _ing
longings	n	longing _s
longitudes	n	longitude _s
longitudinal	a	longitude _al
longitudinal	n	longitude _al
longitudinal	v	longitude _al
longitudinally	r	longitude _al _ly
longs	v	long _es
longueurs	n	longueur _s
loofahs	n	loofah _s
looked	v	look _ed
looker	n	look _er
lookers	n	look _er _s
looking	v	look _ing
lookouts	n	lookout _s
looks	n	look _s
looks	v	look _es
loomed	v	loom _ed
looming	v	loom _ing
looms	n	loom _s
looms	v	loom _es
loons	n	loon _s
loony	a	loon _y
loony	n	loon _y
loony	r	loon _y
looped	v	loop _ed
loopholes	n	loophole _s
looping	v	loop _ing
loops	n	loop _s
loops	v	loop _es
loopy	a	loop _y
loopy	n	loop _y
loopy	r	loop _y
loopy	v	loop _y
loos	n	loo _s
loosed	v	loose _ed
loosely	a	loose _ly
loosely	r	loose _ly
loosened	v	loosen _ed
looseness	n	loose _ness
loosening	v	loosen _ing
loosens	v	loosen _es
looser	a	loose _r
looses	n	loos _s
looses	v	loose _es
loosest	a	loose _st
looted	v	loot _ed
looter	n	loot _er
looters	n	loot _er _s
looting	v	loot _ing
loots	n	loot _s
loots	v	loot _es
loped	v	lop _ed
lopes	n	lope _s
lopes	v	lop _es
loping	v	lop _ing
lopped	v	lop _ed
lopping	v	lop _ing
lops	v	lop _es
lorded	v	lord _ed
lording	v	lord _ing
lords	n	lord _s
lords	v	lord _es
lordships	n	lordship _s
loser	a	lose _er
loser	n	lose _er
loser	r	lose _er
loser	v	lose _er
losers	n	lose _er _s
loses	v	lose _es
losses	n	loss _s
lotions	n	lotion _s
lots	n	lot _s
lots	v	lot _es
lotuses	n	lotus _s
louder	a	loud _er
loudest	a	loud _est
loudly	a	loud _ly
loudly	r	loud _ly
loudmouths	n	loudmouth _s
loudness	a	loud _ness
loudness	n	loud _ness
loudspeakers	n	loudspeaker _s
loughs	n	lough _s
lounged	v	lounge _ed
lounger	n	lounge _er
loungers	n	lounge _er _s
lounges	n	lounge _s
lounges	v	lounge _es
louring	v	lour _ing
lousy	a	louse _y
lousy	n	louse _y
lousy	o	louse _y
lousy	v	louse _y
louts	n	lout _s
louvres	n	louvre _s
lovable	a	love _able
lovable	n	love _able
lovebirds	n	lovebird _s
loved	v	love _ed
loveless	a	love _less
loveless	n	love _less
loveliness	a	love _ly _ness
loveliness	n	love _ly _ness
lover	a	love _er
lover	n	love _er
lover	o	love _er
lover	r	love _er
lover	v	love _er
lovers	n	love _er _s
loves	n	love _s
loves	v	love _es
lovingly	r	love _ing _ly
lovingly	v	love _ing _ly
lowbrows	n	lowbrow _s
lowed	v	low _ed
lower	a	low _er
lowered	v	lower _ed
lowering	v	lower _ing
lowers	n	lower _s
lowers	v	lower _es
lowest	a	low _est
lowing	v	low _ing
lowlanders	n	lowlander _s
lowlands	n	lowland _s
lowlifes	n	lowlife _s
lowliness	n	low _ly _ness
lowness	n	low _ness
lows	n	low _s
lows	v	low _es
loyalest	a	loyal _est
loyalists	n	loyalist _s
loyally	n	loyal _ly
loyally	r	loyal _ly
lozenges	n	lozenge _s
ls	n	l _s
luaus	n	luau _s
lubbers	n	lubber _s
lubed	v	lube _ed
lubes	n	lube _s
lubricants	n	lubricant _s
lubricated	v	lubricate _ed
lubricates	v	lubricate _es
lubricators	n	lubricator _s
lucidity	n	lucid _ity
lucidly	r	lucid _ly
luckily	a	luck _y _ly
luckily	r	luck _y _ly
luckless	a	luck _less
luckless	n	luck _less
lucks	n	luck _s
lucky	a	luck _y
lucky	n	luck _y
lucky	o	luck _y
lucky	r	luck _y
lucky	v	luck _y
ludicrously	r	ludicrous _ly
ludicrousness	n	ludicrous _ness
luffed	v	luff _ed
luffing	v	luff _ing
luges	n	luge _s
lugged	v	lug _ed
lugger	n	lug _er
luggers	n	lug _er _s
lugging	v	lug _ing
lugs	n	lug _s
lugs	v	lug _es
lulled	v	lull _ed
lulling	v	lull _ing
lulls	n	lull _s
lulls	v	lull _es
lulus	n	lulu _s
lumbered	v	lumber _ed
lumbering	v	lumber _ing
lumberjacks	n	lumberjack _s
lumbers	n	lumber _s
lumbers	v	lumber _es
lumberyards	n	lumberyard _s
luminosity	n	luminous _ity
luminously	r	luminous _ly
lumped	v	lump _ed
lumping	v	lump _ing
lumps	n	lump _s
lumps	v	lump _es
lumpy	a	lump _y
lumpy	n	lump _y
lumpy	r	lump _y
lumpy	v	lump _y
lunatics	n	lunatic _s
lunched	v	lunch _ed
luncheons	n	luncheon _s
lunches	n	lunch _s
lunches	v	lunch _es
lunching	v	lunch _ing
lunchrooms	n	lunchroom _s
lunchtimes	n	lunchtime _s
lunged	v	lunge _ed
lunges	n	lunge _s
lunges	v	lunge _es
lungfishes	n	lungfish _s
lungs	n	lung _s
lupines	n	lupine _s
lurched	v	lurch _ed
lurches	n	lurch _s
lurches	v	lurch _es
lurching	v	lurch _ing
lured	v	lure _ed
lures	n	lure _s
lures	v	lure _es
luridly	r	lurid _ly
lurked	v	lurk _ed
lurkers	n	lurker _s
lurking	v	lurk _ing
lurks	v	lurk _es
lusciously	r	luscious _ly
lusher	a	lush _er
lushes	n	lush _s
lushest	a	lush _est
lusted	v	lust _ed
lustful	a	lust _ful
lustful	n	lust _ful
lustfully	r	lust _ful _ly
lustily	r	lust _y _ly
lusting	v	lust _ing
lustrous	a	lustre _ous
lusts	n	lust _s
lusts	v	lust _es
lusty	a	lust _y
lusty	n	lust _y
lutes	n	lute _s
luxuriantly	r	luxuriant _ly
luxuriated	v	luxuriate _ed
luxuriates	v	luxuriate _es
luxurious	a	luxury _ous
luxuriously	r	luxury _ous _ly
lyceums	n	lyceum _s
lymphocytes	n	lymphocyte _s
lymphomas	n	lymphoma _s
lynched	v	lynch _ed
lynching	v	lynch _ing
lynchings	n	lynching _s
lynchings	v	lynch _es
lynxes	n	lynx _s
lyrebirds	n	lyrebird _s
lyres	n	lyre _s
lyrical	a	lyric _al
lyrically	r	lyric _al _ly
lyricist	a	lyric _ism _ist
lyricist	n	lyric _ism _ist
lyricists	n	lyric _ism _ist _s
lyrics	n	lyric _s
lyrics	v	lyric _es
lysosomes	n	lysosome _s
macadamias	n	macadamia _s
macaques	n	macaque _s
macaronis	n	macaroni _s
macaroons	n	macaroon _s
macaws	n	macaw _s
macerated	v	macerate _ed
macerates	v	macerate _es
maces	n	mace _s
machetes	n	machete _s
machinated	v	machinate _ed
machinations	n	machination _s
machined	v	machine _ed
machines	n	machine _s
machinists	n	machinist _s
mackerels	n	mackerel _s
mackintoshes	n	mackintosh _s
macrons	n	macron _s
macrophages	n	macrophage _s
macros	n	macro _s
macs	n	mac _s
madams	n	madam _s
maddened	v	madden _ed
maddening	v	madden _ing
maddens	v	madden _es
madder	a	mad _er
madders	n	madder _s
maddest	a	mad _est
madhouses	n	madhouse _s
madly	r	mad _ly
madness	a	mad _ness
madness	n	mad _ness
madness	r	mad _ness
madness	v	mad _ness
madrasahs	n	madrasah _s
madrasas	n	madrasa _s
madrigals	n	madrigal _s
maelstroms	n	maelstrom _s
maestros	n	maestro _s
mafias	n	mafia _s
magazines	n	magazine _s
maggots	n	maggot _s
magical	a	magic _al
magical	n	magic _al
magically	r	magic _al _ly
magicians	n	magician _s
magics	n	magic _s
magisterially	r	magisterial _ly
magistrates	n	magistrate _s
magnanimity	n	magnanimous _ity
magnanimously	r	magnanimous _ly
magnates	n	magnate _s
magnetic	a	magnet _ic
magnetic	n	magnet _ic
magnetized	v	magnet _ize _ed
magnetizes	v	magnetize _es
magnetometers	n	magnetometer _s
magnetos	n	magneto _s
magnets	n	magnet _s
magnifications	n	magnification _s
magnificently	r	magnific _ent _ly
magnifier	n	magnify _er
magnifier	r	magnify _er
magnifiers	n	magnify _er _s
magnifying	v	magnify _ing
magnitudes	n	magnitude _s
magnolias	n	magnolia _s
magnums	n	magnum _s
magpies	n	magpie _s
mags	n	mag _s
maharajahs	n	maharajah _s
maharanis	n	maharani _s
mahatmas	n	mahatma _s
mahouts	n	mahout _s
maidenheads	n	maidenhead _s
maidens	n	maiden _s
maids	n	maid _s
maidservants	n	maidservant _s
mailbags	n	mailbag _s
mailboxes	n	mailbox _s
mailed	v	mail _ed
mailers	n	mailer _s
mailing	v	mail _ing
mailings	n	mailing _s
maillots	n	maillot _s
mails	n	mail _s
mails	v	mail _es
maimed	v	maim _ed
maiming	v	maim _ing
maims	v	maim _es
mainframes	n	mainframe _s
mainlands	n	mainland _s
mainlined	v	mainline _ed
mainlines	v	mainline _es
mainly	a	main _ly
mainly	r	main _ly
mains	n	main _s
mainsprings	n	mainspring _s
mainstays	n	mainstay _s
mainstreams	n	mainstream _s
maintainable	a	maintain _able
maintained	v	maintain _ed
maintainers	n	maintainer _s
maintaining	v	maintain _ing
maintains	v	maintain _es
maisonettes	n	maisonette _s
majestic	a	major _ty _ic
majestic	n	major _ty _ic
majored	v	major _ed
majorettes	n	majorette _s
majoring	v	major _ing
majority	n	major _ity
majors	n	major _s
majors	v	major _es
makeovers	n	makeover _s
maker	n	make _er
makers	n	make _er _s
makes	n	make _s
makes	v	make _es
makeshifts	n	makeshift _s
makeups	n	makeup _s
makeweights	n	makeweight _s
makings	n	making _s
malamutes	n	malamute _s
malapropisms	n	malapropism _s
malarial	a	malaria _al
malarial	n	malaria _al
malcontents	n	malcontent _s
maledictions	n	malediction _s
malefactors	n	malefactor _s
males	n	male _s
malevolently	r	malevolent _ly
malformations	n	malformation _s
malfunctioned	v	malfunction _ed
malfunctioning	v	malfunction _ing
malfunctions	n	malfunction _s
malfunctions	v	malfunction _es
malicious	a	malice _ous
maliciously	r	malice _ous _ly
maligned	v	malign _ed
maligning	v	malign _ing
malignity	n	malign _ity
maligns	v	malign _es
malingerer	n	malinger _er
malingerers	n	malinger _er _s
malingering	v	malinger _ing
mallards	n	mallard _s
malleability	n	malleable _ity
mallets	n	mallet _s
mallows	n	mallow _s
malls	n	mall _s
malnourished	v	malnourish _ed
malpractices	n	malpractice _s
malted	v	malt _ed
malting	v	malt _ing
maltreated	v	maltreat _ed
maltreating	v	maltreat _ing
maltreatment	n	maltreat _ment
malts	n	malt _s
mamas	n	mama _s
mambas	n	mamba _s
mamboed	v	mambo _ed
mammals	n	mammal _s
mammograms	n	mammogram _s
mammoths	n	mammoth _s
mams	n	mam _s
manacled	v	manacle _ed
manacles	n	manacle _s
manacles	v	manacle _es
manageability	n	manage _able _ity
manageable	a	manage _able
manageable	n	manage _able
manageable	v	manage _able
managed	v	manage _ed
management	n	manage _ment
managements	n	manage _ment _s
manager	n	manage _er
manageresses	n	manageress _s
managers	n	manage _er _s
manages	v	manage _es
manatees	n	manatee _s
mandalas	n	mandala _s
mandarins	n	mandarin _s
mandated	v	mandate _ed
mandates	n	mandate _s
mandates	v	mandate _es
mandibles	n	mandible _s
mandolins	n	mandolin _s
mandrakes	n	mandrake _s
mandrills	n	mandrill _s
maned	v	mane _ed
manes	n	mane _s
mangers	n	manger _s
mangled	v	mangle _ed
manglers	n	mangler _s
mangles	n	mangle _s
mangles	v	mangle _es
mangoes	n	mango _s
mangroves	n	mangrove _s
mangy	a	mange _y
mangy	n	mange _y
mangy	v	mange _y
manhandled	v	manhandle _ed
manhandles	v	manhandle _es
manholes	n	manhole _s
manhunts	n	manhunt _s
maniacal	a	maniac _al
maniacally	r	maniac _al _ly
maniacs	n	maniac _s
manias	n	mania _s
manic	a	mania _ic
manic	n	mania _ic
manicured	v	manicure _ed
manicures	n	manicure _s
manicures	v	manicure _es
manicurist	n	manicure _ist
manicurists	n	manicure _ist _s
manifestations	n	manifestation _s
manifested	v	manifest _ed
manifesting	v	manifest _ing
manifestly	r	manifest _ly
manifestos	n	manifesto _s
manifests	n	manifest _s
manifests	v	manifest _es
manifolds	n	manifold _s
manikins	n	manikin _s
manipulated	v	manipulate _ed
manipulates	v	manipulate _es
manipulation	n	manipulate _ion
manipulation	v	manipulate _ion
manipulations	n	manipulate _ion _s
manipulators	n	manipulator _s
manliness	n	man _ly _ness
manliness	v	man _ly _ness
manly	a	man _ly
manly	n	man _ly
manly	r	man _ly
manned	v	man _ed
mannequins	n	mannequin _s
mannerisms	n	mannerism _s
manners	n	manner _s
manning	v	man _ing
manoeuvrability	n	manoeuvre _able _ity
manoeuvrable	a	manoeuvre _able
manoeuvred	v	manoeuvre _ed
manoeuvres	n	manoeuvre _s
manoeuvres	v	manoeuvre _es
manors	n	manor _s
mans	n	man _s
mans	v	man _es
mansards	n	mansard _s
manses	n	manse _s
mansions	n	mansion _s
mantas	n	manta _s
mantelpieces	n	mantelpiece _s
mantels	n	mantel _s
mantillas	n	mantilla _s
mantises	n	mantis _s
mantled	v	mantle _ed
mantles	n	mantle _s
mantles	v	mantle _es
mantras	n	mantra _s
manually	r	manual _ly
manuals	n	manual _s
manufactured	v	manufacture _ed
manufacturer	n	manufacture _er
manufacturers	n	manufacture _er _s
manufactures	n	manufacture _s
manufactures	v	manufacture _es
manumitted	v	manumit _ed
manured	v	manure _ed
manures	n	manure _s
manuscripts	n	manuscript _s
maples	n	maple _s
mapped	v	map _ed
mappers	n	mapper _s
mapping	v	map _ing
mappings	n	mapping _s
maps	n	map _s
maps	v	map _es
marabouts	n	marabout _s
maracas	n	maraca _s
marathoners	n	marathoner _s
marathons	n	marathon _s
marauded	v	maraud _ed
marauder	a	maraud _er
marauder	n	maraud _er
marauder	v	maraud _er
marauders	n	maraud _er _s
marauding	v	maraud _ing
marauds	v	maraud _es
marbled	v	marble _ed
marbleized	v	marbleize _ed
marbles	n	marble _s
marbles	v	marble _es
marched	v	march _ed
marcher	a	march _er
marcher	n	march _er
marchers	n	march _er _s
marches	n	march _s
marches	v	march _es
marching	v	march _ing
mares	n	mare _s
mares	v	mar _es
margaritas	n	margarita _s
marginal	a	margin _al
marginal	n	margin _al
marginal	v	margin _al
marginalized	v	marginalize _ed
marginalizes	v	marginalize _es
marginally	r	margin _al _ly
margins	n	margin _s
mariachis	n	mariachi _s
marigolds	n	marigold _s
marimbas	n	marimba _s
marinaded	v	marinade _ed
marinades	n	marinade _s
marinas	n	marina _s
marinated	v	marinate _ed
marinates	v	marinate _es
mariners	n	mariner _s
marines	n	marine _s
marionettes	n	marionette _s
marked	v	mark _ed
markedly	a	mark _ed _ly
markedly	r	mark _ed _ly
marker	a	mark _er
marker	n	mark _er
marker	v	mark _er
markers	n	mark _er _s
marketability	n	market _able _ity
marketable	a	market _able
marketed	v	market _ed
marketer	n	market _er
marketers	n	market _er _s
marketing	v	market _ing
marketplaces	n	marketplace _s
markets	n	market _s
marking	v	mark _ing
markings	n	marking _s
markings	v	mark _es
marks	n	mark _s
marks	v	mark _es
markups	n	markup _s
marlins	n	marlin _s
marmosets	n	marmoset _s
marmots	n	marmot _s
marooned	v	maroon _ed
marooning	v	maroon _ing
maroons	n	maroon _s
marquees	n	marquee _s
marques	n	marque _s
marquesses	n	marquess _s
marquises	n	marquis _s
marred	v	mar _ed
marriages	n	marriage _s
marrieds	n	married _s
marring	v	mar _ing
marrows	n	marrow _s
marrying	v	marry _ing
mars	n	mar _s
mars	v	mar _es
marshalled	v	marshal _ed
marshalling	v	marshal _ing
marshals	n	marshal _s
marshals	v	marshal _es
marshes	n	marsh _s
marshlands	n	marshland _s
marshmallows	n	marshmallow _s
marshy	a	marsh _y
marshy	n	marsh _y
marshy	v	marsh _y
marsupials	n	marsupial _s
martens	n	marten _s
martians	n	martian _s
martinets	n	martinet _s
martingales	n	martingale _s
martinis	n	martini _s
martins	n	martin _s
marts	n	mart _s
martyred	v	martyr _ed
martyring	v	martyr _ing
martyrs	n	martyr _s
martyrs	v	martyr _es
marvelled	v	marvel _ed
marvelling	v	marvel _ing
marvellous	a	marvel _ous
marvellously	r	marvel _ous _ly
marvels	n	marvel _s
marvels	v	marvel _es
mas	n	ma _s
mascaras	n	mascara _s
mascots	n	mascot _s
masculines	n	masculine _s
masculinity	n	masculine _ity
masers	n	maser _s
mashed	v	mash _ed
masher	n	mash _er
masher	r	mash _er
mashers	n	mash _er _s
mashes	n	mash _s
mashes	v	mash _es
mashing	v	mash _ing
masked	v	mask _ed
maskers	n	masker _s
masking	v	mask _ing
masks	n	mask _s
masks	v	mask _es
masochist	n	masoch _ism _ist
masochistic	a	masoch _ism _ist _ic
masochists	n	masoch _ism _ist _s
masonic	a	mason _ic
masonic	n	mason _ic
masonic	v	mason _ic
masons	n	mason _s
masqueraded	v	masquerade _ed
masqueraders	n	masquerader _s
masquerades	n	masquerade _s
masquerades	v	masquerade _es
masques	n	masque _s
massacred	v	massacre _ed
massacres	n	massacre _s
massacres	v	massacre _es
massaged	v	massage _ed
massages	n	massage _s
massages	v	massage _es
massed	v	mass _ed
masses	n	mass _s
masses	v	mass _es
masseurs	n	masseur _s
masseuses	n	masseuse _s
massifs	n	massif _s
massing	v	mass _ing
massively	a	mass _ive _ly
massively	n	mass _ive _ly
massively	r	mass _ive _ly
massiveness	n	mass _ive _ness
mastered	v	master _ed
masterful	a	master _ful
masterful	n	master _ful
masterfully	r	master _ful _ly
mastering	v	master _ing
masterminded	v	mastermind _ed
masterminding	v	mastermind _ing
masterminds	n	mastermind _s
masterminds	v	mastermind _es
masterpieces	n	masterpiece _s
masters	n	master _s
masters	v	master _es
masterstrokes	n	masterstroke _s
mastheads	n	masthead _s
masticated	v	masticate _ed
masticates	v	masticate _es
mastication	n	masticate _ion
mastication	v	masticate _ion
mastiffs	n	mastiff _s
mastodons	n	mastodon _s
mastoids	n	mastoid _s
masts	n	mast _s
masturbated	v	masturbate _ed
masturbates	v	masturbate _es
masturbation	n	masturbate _ion
matadors	n	matador _s
matchbooks	n	matchbook _s
matchboxes	n	matchbox _s
matched	v	match _ed
matches	n	match _s
matches	v	match _es
matching	v	match _ing
matchless	a	match _less
matchless	n	match _less
matchlocks	n	matchlock _s
matchmakers	n	matchmaker _s
matchsticks	n	matchstick _s
mated	v	mat _ed
mater	a	mat _er
materialist	a	material _ism _ist
materialist	n	material _ism _ist
materialist	v	material _ism _ist
materialistic	a	material _ism _ist _ic
materialists	n	material _ism _ist _s
materialize	v	material _ize
materialized	v	material _ize _ed
materializes	v	material _ize _es
materially	r	matter _al _ly
materials	n	material _s
maternally	r	maternal _ly
maternity	a	maternal _ity
maternity	n	maternal _ity
maternity	v	maternal _ity
mates	n	mate _s
mates	v	mat _es
matey	a	mate _y
matey	n	mate _y
matey	v	mate _y
mathematical	a	mathematics _al
mathematical	n	mathematics _al
mathematically	r	mathematics _al _ly
mathematicians	n	mathematician _s
matinees	n	matinee _s
mating	v	mat _ing
matriarchal	a	matriarch _al
matriarchal	n	matriarch _al
matriarchs	n	matriarch _s
matriculated	v	matriculate _ed
matriculates	v	matriculate _es
matrimonial	a	matrimony _al
matrimonial	n	matrimony _al
matrons	n	matron _s
mats	n	mat _s
mats	v	mat _es
matted	v	mat _ed
mattered	v	matter _ed
mattering	v	matter _ing
matters	n	matter _s
matters	v	matter _es
mattes	n	matte _s
mattes	v	matte _es
matting	v	mat _ing
mattocks	n	mattock _s
mattresses	n	mattress _s
matured	v	mature _ed
maturely	a	mature _ly
maturely	r	mature _ly
maturer	a	mature _r
matures	v	mature _es
maturity	n	mature _ity
matzos	n	matzo _s
matzoth	n	matzo _th
mauled	v	maul _ed
maulers	n	mauler _s
mauling	v	maul _ing
mauls	n	maul _s
mauls	v	maul _es
maundered	v	maunder _ed
maundering	v	maunder _ing
mausoleums	n	mausoleum _s
mavens	n	maven _s
mavericks	n	maverick _s
mawkishness	n	mawkish _ness
maws	n	maw _s
maxes	n	max _s
maxillae	n	maxilla _e
maximal	a	maximum _al
maximal	n	maximum _al
maximally	r	maximum _al _ly
maximize	n	maximum _ize
maximize	v	maximum _ize
maximized	v	maximum _ize _ed
maximizes	v	maximum _ize _es
maxims	n	maxim _s
maximums	n	maximum _s
maxis	n	maxi _s
maydays	n	mayday _s
mayflowers	n	mayflower _s
mayoral	a	mayor _al
mayoresses	n	mayoress _s
mayors	n	mayor _s
maypoles	n	maypole _s
mazes	n	maze _s
mazurkas	n	mazurka _s
meadows	n	meadow _s
meals	n	meal _s
mealtimes	n	mealtime _s
mealy	a	meal _y
mealy	n	meal _y
mealybugs	n	mealybug _s
meandered	v	meander _ed
meandering	v	meander _ing
meanders	n	meander _s
meanders	v	meander _es
meaner	a	mean _er
meanest	a	mean _est
meaning	v	mean _ing
meaningful	a	mean _ing _ful
meaningful	n	mean _ing _ful
meaningful	v	mean _ing _ful
meaningfully	r	mean _ing _ful _ly
meaningfulness	n	mean _ing _ful _ness
meaningless	a	mean _ing _less
meaningless	n	mean _ing _less
meaningless	r	mean _ing _less
meaningless	v	mean _ing _less
meaninglessly	r	mean _ing _less _ly
meaninglessness	n	mean _ing _less _ness
meaninglessness	v	mean _ing _less _ness
meanings	n	meaning _s
meanings	v	mean _es
meanly	r	mean _ly
meanness	a	mean _ness
meanness	n	mean _ness
meanness	v	mean _ness
means	n	mean _s
means	v	mean _es
meant	v	mean _t
measurable	a	measure _able
measurable	n	measure _able
measurably	r	measure _able _ly
measured	v	measure _ed
measureless	a	measure _less
measureless	n	measure _less
measurement	a	measure _ment
measurement	n	measure _ment
measurement	v	measure _ment
measurements	n	measure _ment _s
measures	n	measure _s
measures	v	measure _es
meatballs	n	meatball _s
meatless	a	meat _less
meatless	n	meat _less
meats	n	meat _s
meaty	a	meat _y
meaty	n	meat _y
meaty	o	meat _y
meccas	n	mecca _s
mechanical	a	mechanics _al
mechanical	n	mechanics _al
mechanical	v	mechanics _al
mechanically	r	mechanics _al _ly
mechanics	n	mechanic _s
mechanisms	n	mechanism _s
mechanistic	a	mechanism _ic
mechanized	v	mechanic _ize _ed
medallions	n	medallion _s
medallist	a	medal _ist
medallist	n	medal _ist
medallist	v	medal _ist
medallists	n	medal _ist _s
medals	n	medal _s
meddled	v	meddle _ed
meddler	n	meddle _er
meddlers	n	meddle _er _s
meddles	v	meddle _es
medially	r	medial _ly
medians	n	median _s
mediated	v	mediate _ed
mediates	v	mediate _es
mediators	n	mediator _s
medical	a	medic _al
medically	r	medic _al _ly
medicals	n	medic _al _s
medicated	v	medicate _ed
medicates	v	medicate _es
medications	n	medication _s
medicinal	a	medicine _al
medicinal	n	medicine _al
medicinally	r	medicine _al _ly
medicines	n	medicine _s
medicines	v	medicine _es
medicos	n	medico _s
medics	n	medic _s
mediocrity	n	mediocre _ity
meditated	v	meditate _ed
meditates	v	meditate _es
meditations	n	meditation _s
meditatively	r	meditative _ly
mediums	n	medium _s
medleys	n	medley _s
medusae	n	medusa _e
meeker	a	meek _er
meekest	a	meek _est
meekly	a	meek _ly
meekly	n	meek _ly
meekly	o	meek _ly
meekly	r	meek _ly
meekly	v	meek _ly
meekness	n	meek _ness
meerschaums	n	meerschaum _s
meeting	v	meet _ing
meetinghouses	n	meetinghouse _s
meetings	n	meeting _s
meets	n	meet _s
meets	v	meet _es
megabits	n	megabit _s
megabytes	n	megabyte _s
megacycles	n	megacycle _s
megadeaths	n	megadeath _s
megalithic	a	megalith _ic
megalithic	n	megalith _ic
megalithic	o	megalith _ic
megaliths	n	megalith _s
megalomaniacs	n	megalomaniac _s
megalopolises	n	megalopolis _s
megaphones	n	megaphone _s
megatons	n	megaton _s
megawatts	n	megawatt _s
megs	n	meg _s
melancholic	a	melancholy _ic
melancholic	n	melancholy _ic
melancholic	v	melancholy _ic
melancholics	n	melancholy _ic _s
melanges	n	melange _s
melanomas	n	melanoma _s
melded	v	meld _ed
melding	v	meld _ing
melds	n	meld _s
melds	v	meld _es
melees	n	melee _s
mellowed	v	mellow _ed
mellower	a	mellow _er
mellowest	a	mellow _est
mellowing	v	mellow _ing
mellows	v	mellow _es
melodic	a	melody _ic
melodic	n	melody _ic
melodious	a	melody _ous
melodiously	r	melody _ous _ly
melodramas	n	melodrama _s
melodramatic	a	melodrama _ic
melodramatic	n	melodrama _ic
melons	n	melon _s
meltdowns	n	meltdown _s
melted	v	melt _ed
melting	v	melt _ing
melts	n	melt _s
melts	v	melt _es
members	n	member _s
memberships	n	membership _s
membranes	n	membrane _s
membranous	a	membrane _ous
mementos	n	memento _s
memes	n	meme _s
memoirs	n	memoir _s
memorably	a	memory _able _ly
memorably	n	memory _able _ly
memorably	r	memory _able _ly
memorandums	n	memorandum _s
memorial	a	memory _al
memorial	n	memory _al
memorial	v	memory _al
memorialize	v	memory _al _ize
memorialized	v	memory _al _ize _ed
memorializes	v	memory _al _ize _es
memorials	n	memory _al _s
memorize	n	memory _ize
memorize	v	memory _ize
memorized	v	memory _ize _ed
memorizes	v	memory _ize _es
memos	n	memo _s
memsahibs	n	memsahib _s
menaced	v	menace _ed
menaces	n	menace _s
menaces	v	menace _es
menageries	n	menagerie _s
mendacity	n	mendacious _ity
mended	v	mend _ed
mender	n	mend _er
menders	n	mend _er _s
mendicants	n	mendicant _s
mending	v	mend _ing
mends	n	mend _s
mends	v	mend _es
menials	n	menial _s
menorahs	n	menorah _s
menstruated	v	menstruate _ed
menstruates	v	menstruate _es
mentality	a	mind _al _ity
mentality	n	mind _al _ity
mentally	n	mental _ly
mentally	r	mental _ly
mentioned	v	mention _ed
mentioning	v	mention _ing
mentions	n	mention _s
mentions	v	mention _es
mentored	v	mentor _ed
mentoring	v	mentor _ing
mentors	n	mentor _s
mentors	v	mentor _es
menus	n	menu _s
meowed	v	meow _ed
meowing	v	meow _ing
meows	n	meow _s
meows	v	meow _es
mercerized	v	mercerize _ed
mercers	n	mercer _s
merchandised	v	merchandise _ed
merchandisers	n	merchandiser _s
merchandises	n	merchandise _s
merchants	n	merchant _s
merciful	a	mercy _ful
merciful	n	mercy _ful
mercifully	r	mercy _ful _ly
merciless	a	mercy _less
merciless	n	mercy _less
merciless	r	mercy _less
merciless	v	mercy _less
mercilessly	r	mercy _less _ly
mercurial	a	mercury _al
mercurial	n	mercury _al
merely	a	mere _ly
merely	r	mere _ly
merely	v	mere _ly
meres	n	mere _s
merest	a	mere _st
mergansers	n	merganser _s
merged	v	merge _ed
merger	n	merge _er
mergers	n	merge _er _s
merges	v	merge _es
meridians	n	meridian _s
meringues	n	meringue _s
merinos	n	merino _s
merited	v	merit _ed
meriting	v	merit _ing
merits	n	merit _s
merits	v	merit _es
mermaids	n	mermaid _s
merrily	r	merry _ly
merrymakers	n	merrymaker _s
mes	n	me _s
mesas	n	mesa _s
mescals	n	mescal _s
meshed	v	mesh _ed
meshes	n	mesh _s
meshes	v	mesh _es
meshing	v	mesh _ing
mesmeric	a	mesmerism _ic
mesmerize	v	mesmerism _ize
mesmerized	v	mesmerism _ize _ed
mesmerizes	v	mesmerism _ize _es
mesomorphs	n	mesomorph _s
mesons	n	meson _s
messaged	v	message _ed
messages	n	message _s
messages	v	message _es
messed	v	mess _ed
messengers	n	messenger _s
messes	n	mess _s
messes	v	mess _es
messiahs	n	messiah _s
messianic	a	messiah _ic
messianic	n	messiah _ic
messily	r	mess _y _ly
messiness	n	mess _y _ness
messing	v	mess _ing
messy	a	mess _y
messy	n	mess _y
messy	r	mess _y
messy	v	mess _y
mestizos	n	mestizo _s
metabolic	a	metabolism _ic
metabolic	n	metabolism _ic
metabolic	v	metabolism _ic
metabolisms	n	metabolism _s
metabolites	n	metabolite _s
metabolize	v	metabolism _ize
metabolized	v	metabolism _ize _ed
metabolizes	v	metabolism _ize _es
metacarpals	n	metacarpal _s
metalanguages	n	metalanguage _s
metalled	v	metal _ed
metallic	a	metal _ic
metallic	n	metal _ic
metallic	v	metal _ic
metallurgists	n	metallurgist _s
metals	n	metal _s
metals	v	metal _es
metalworkers	n	metalworker _s
metamorphosed	v	metamorphose _ed
metamorphoses	v	metamorphose _es
metaphorically	r	metaphor _ic _al _ly
metaphors	n	metaphor _s
metaphysical	a	metaphysics _al
metaphysical	n	metaphysics _al
metaphysically	r	metaphysics _al _ly
metastasized	v	metastasize _ed
metastasizes	v	metastasize _es
metatarsals	n	metatarsal _s
meteoric	a	meteor _ic
meteorites	n	meteorite _s
meteoroids	n	meteoroid _s
meteorologist	n	meteorology _ist
meteorologists	n	meteorology _ist _s
meteors	n	meteor _s
metered	v	meter _ed
metering	v	meter _ing
meters	n	meter _s
meters	v	meter _es
metes	n	mete _s
methodically	r	method _ic _al _ly
methodologically	r	methodology _al _ly
methods	n	method _s
meths	n	meth _s
meticulously	a	meticulous _ly
meticulously	n	meticulous _ly
meticulously	r	meticulous _ly
meticulousness	n	meticulous _ness
metiers	n	metier _s
metres	n	metre _s
metric	a	metre _ic
metricated	v	metricate _ed
metrics	n	metre _ic _s
metronomes	n	metronome _s
metropolises	n	metropolis _s
metros	n	metro _s
mewed	v	mew _ed
mewing	v	mew _ing
mewled	v	mewl _ed
mewling	v	mewl _ing
mewls	v	mewl _es
mews	n	mew _s
mews	v	mew _es
mezzanines	n	mezzanine _s
mezzos	n	mezzo _s
miasmas	n	miasma _s
mickeys	n	mickey _s
micks	n	mick _s
microbes	n	microbe _s
microbiologist	n	microbiology _ist
microbiologists	n	microbiology _ist _s
microchips	n	microchip _s
microcircuits	n	microcircuit _s
microcomputers	n	microcomputer _s
microcosms	n	microcosm _s
microdots	n	microdot _s
microfilmed	v	microfilm _ed
microfilming	v	microfilm _ing
microfilms	n	microfilm _s
micrometeorites	n	micrometeorite _s
micrometers	n	micrometer _s
microns	n	micron _s
microorganisms	n	microorganism _s
microphones	n	microphone _s
microprocessors	n	microprocessor _s
microscopes	n	microscope _s
microscopic	a	microscope _ic
microscopic	n	microscope _ic
microscopic	r	microscope _ic
microscopic	v	microscope _ic
microseconds	n	microsecond _s
microwaved	v	microwave _ed
microwaves	n	microwave _s
microwaves	v	microwave _es
middens	n	midden _s
middlebrows	n	middlebrow _s
middles	n	middle _s
middles	v	middle _es
middleweights	n	middleweight _s
midges	n	midge _s
midgets	n	midget _s
midis	n	midi _s
midlands	n	midland _s
midpoints	n	midpoint _s
midriffs	n	midriff _s
midsections	n	midsection _s
midterms	n	midterm _s
midways	n	midway _s
midweeks	n	midweek _s
midwifes	n	midwife _s
miens	n	mien _s
miffed	v	miff _ed
mightily	a	might _y _ly
mightily	r	might _y _ly
mighty	a	might _y
mighty	n	might _y
mighty	o	might _y
mighty	r	might _y
mighty	v	might _y
migraines	n	migraine _s
migrants	n	migrant _s
migrated	v	migrate _ed
migrates	v	migrate _es
migration	n	migrate _ion
migration	v	migrate _ion
migrations	n	migrate _ion _s
mikados	n	mikado _s
mikes	n	mike _s
milder	a	mild _er
mildest	a	mild _est
mildewed	v	mildew _ed
mildewing	v	mildew _ing
mildews	n	mildew _s
mildews	v	mildew _es
mildly	a	mild _ly
mildly	r	mild _ly
mildness	a	mild _ness
mildness	n	mild _ness
mildness	r	mild _ness
mileages	n	mileage _s
mileposts	n	milepost _s
milers	n	miler _s
miles	n	mile _s
milestones	n	milestone _s
milieus	n	milieu _s
militantly	r	militant _ly
militants	n	militant _s
militarist	a	military _ism _ist
militarist	n	military _ism _ist
militaristic	a	military _ism _ist _ic
militarists	n	military _ism _ist _s
militarized	v	militarize _ed
militarizes	v	militarize _es
militated	v	militate _ed
militates	v	militate _es
militias	n	militia _s
milked	v	milk _ed
milker	n	milk _er
milkers	n	milk _er _s
milking	v	milk _ing
milkmaids	n	milkmaid _s
milks	n	milk _s
milks	v	milk _es
milkshakes	n	milkshake _s
milksops	n	milksop _s
milkweeds	n	milkweed _s
milky	a	milk _y
milky	n	milk _y
milky	o	milk _y
milky	v	milk _y
milled	v	mill _ed
millenniums	n	millennium _s
miller	a	mill _er
miller	n	mill _er
miller	o	mill _er
miller	r	mill _er
miller	v	mill _er
millers	n	mill _er _s
milliards	n	milliard _s
millibars	n	millibar _s
milligrams	n	milligram _s
millilitres	n	millilitre _s
millimetres	n	millimetre _s
milliners	n	milliner _s
milling	v	mill _ing
millings	n	milling _s
millionaires	n	millionaire _s
millionairesses	n	millionairess _s
millions	n	million _s
millionths	n	millionth _s
millipedes	n	millipede _s
milliseconds	n	millisecond _s
millponds	n	millpond _s
mills	n	mill _s
mills	v	mill _es
millstones	n	millstone _s
millwrights	n	millwright _s
milometers	n	milometer _s
milquetoasts	n	milquetoast _s
mils	n	mil _s
mimed	v	mime _ed
mimeographed	v	mimeograph _ed
mimes	n	mime _s
mimes	v	mime _es
mimetic	a	mimesis _ic
mimetic	n	mimesis _ic
mimic	a	mime _ic
mimic	n	mime _ic
mimic	v	mime _ic
mimicked	v	mime _ic _ed
mimickers	n	mimicker _s
mimicking	v	mime _ic _ing
mimics	n	mime _ic _s
mimics	v	mime _ic _es
mimosas	n	mimosa _s
minarets	n	minaret _s
minced	v	mince _ed
mincer	n	mince _er
mincers	n	mince _er _s
minces	n	mince _s
minces	v	mince _es
minded	v	mind _ed
minder	a	mind _er
minder	n	mind _er
minder	o	mind _er
minder	v	mind _er
minders	n	mind _er _s
mindful	a	mind _ful
mindful	n	mind _ful
mindful	o	mind _ful
mindful	v	mind _ful
minding	v	mind _ing
mindless	a	mind _less
mindless	n	mind _less
mindless	r	mind _less
mindless	v	mind _less
mindlessly	r	mind _less _ly
mindlessness	n	mind _less _ness
minds	n	mind _s
minds	v	mind _es
mindsets	n	mindset _s
mined	v	mine _ed
minefields	n	minefield _s
miner	n	mine _er
miner	v	mine _er
mineralogists	n	mineralogist _s
minerals	n	mineral _s
miners	n	mine _er _s
mines	n	mine _s
mines	v	mine _es
minesweepers	n	minesweeper _s
mingled	v	mingle _ed
mingles	v	mingle _es
miniatures	n	miniature _s
miniaturist	n	miniature _ist
miniaturists	n	miniature _ist _s
miniaturized	v	miniaturize _ed
miniaturizes	v	miniaturize _es
minibars	n	minibar _s
minibuses	n	minibus _s
minicabs	n	minicab _s
minicomputers	n	minicomputer _s
minimal	a	minimum _al
minimal	n	minimum _al
minimal	v	minimum _al
minimalists	n	minimalist _s
minimally	r	minimum _al _ly
minimize	v	minimum _al _ize
minimized	v	minimum _al _ize _ed
minimizes	v	minimum _al _ize _es
minims	n	minim _s
minimums	n	minimum _s
minions	n	minion _s
minis	n	mini _s
miniskirts	n	miniskirt _s
ministered	v	minister _ed
ministering	v	minister _ing
ministers	n	minister _s
ministers	v	minister _es
ministrants	n	ministrant _s
ministrations	n	ministration _s
minivans	n	minivan _s
minks	n	mink _s
minnows	n	minnow _s
minority	n	minor _ity
minors	n	minor _s
minsters	n	minster _s
minstrels	n	minstrel _s
minted	v	mint _ed
minters	n	minter _s
minting	v	mint _ing
mints	n	mint _s
minuets	n	minuet _s
minuscules	n	minuscule _s
minuses	n	minus _s
minutely	r	minute _ly
minuteness	n	minute _ness
minutes	n	minute _s
minutest	a	minute _st
minutiae	n	minutia _e
minxes	n	minx _s
miracles	n	miracle _s
miraculous	a	miracle _ous
miraculously	r	miracle _ous _ly
miraculously	v	miracle _ous _ly
mirages	n	mirage _s
mired	v	mire _ed
mires	n	mire _s
mires	v	mire _es
mirrored	v	mirror _ed
mirroring	v	mirror _ing
mirrors	n	mirror _s
mirrors	v	mirror _es
mirthful	a	mirth _ful
mirthful	n	mirth _ful
mirthless	a	mirth _less
mirthless	n	mirth _less
miry	a	mire _y
miry	n	mire _y
misaddressed	v	misaddress _ed
misadventures	n	misadventure _s
misaligned	v	misalign _ed
misalliances	n	misalliance _s
misanthropes	n	misanthrope _s
misanthropic	a	misanthrope _ic
misanthropic	n	misanthrope _ic
misapplications	n	misapplication _s
misapplying	v	misapply _ing
misapprehended	v	misapprehend _ed
misapprehensions	n	misapprehension _s
misappropriated	v	misappropriate _ed
misappropriates	v	misappropriate _es
misappropriations	n	misappropriation _s
misbehaved	v	misbehave _ed
misbehaves	v	misbehave _es
miscalculated	v	miscalculate _ed
miscalculates	v	miscalculate _es
miscalculation	n	mis_ calculate _ion
miscalculations	n	mis_ calculate _ion _s
miscalled	v	miscall _ed
miscalling	v	miscall _ing
miscarriages	n	miscarriage _s
miscarrying	v	miscarry _ing
miscasting	v	miscast _ing
mischances	n	mischance _s
mischievous	a	mischief _ous
mischievous	v	mischief _ous
mischievously	r	mis_ chief _ous _ly
mischievousness	n	mischief _ous _ness
misconceived	v	misconceive _ed
misconceives	v	misconceive _es
misconceptions	n	misconception _s
misconducted	v	misconduct _ed
misconducts	n	misconduct _s
misconstrued	v	misconstrue _ed
misconstrues	v	misconstrue _es
miscounted	v	miscount _ed
miscounting	v	miscount _ing
miscounts	n	miscount _s
miscreants	n	miscreant _s
miscues	n	miscue _s
misdeeds	n	misdeed _s
misdemeanours	n	misdemeanour _s
misdirected	v	misdirect _ed
misdirecting	v	misdirect _ing
misdirection	n	mis_ direct _ion
misdirects	v	misdirect _es
miserably	n	miser _able _ly
miserably	r	miser _able _ly
miserliness	n	miser _ly _ness
misers	n	miser _s
misfired	v	misfire _ed
misfires	n	misfire _s
misfires	v	misfire _es
misfits	n	misfit _s
misfortunes	n	misfortune _s
misgivings	n	misgiving _s
misgoverned	v	misgovern _ed
misguided	v	misguide _ed
misguidedly	r	mis_ guide _ed _ly
mishandled	v	mishandle _ed
mishandles	v	mishandle _es
mishaps	n	mishap _s
mishmashes	n	mishmash _s
misidentifying	v	misidentify _ing
misinformed	v	misinform _ed
misinforming	v	misinform _ing
misinforms	v	misinform _es
misinterpretations	n	misinterpretation _s
misinterpreted	v	misinterpret _ed
misinterpreting	v	misinterpret _ing
misinterprets	v	misinterpret _es
misjudged	v	misjudge _ed
misjudges	v	misjudge _es
mislaying	v	mislay _ing
mislays	v	mislay _es
misleading	v	mislead _ing
misleadingly	r	mis_ lead _ing _ly
misleads	v	mislead _es
mismanaged	v	mismanage _ed
mismanagement	n	mis_ manage _ment
mismanagement	v	mis_ manage _ment
mismanages	v	mismanage _es
mismatched	v	mismatch _ed
mismatches	n	mismatch _s
mismatches	v	mismatch _es
mismatching	v	mismatch _ing
misnamed	v	misname _ed
misnomers	n	misnomer _s
misogynists	n	misogynist _s
misplaced	v	misplace _ed
misplaces	v	misplace _es
misplayed	v	misplay _ed
misplaying	v	misplay _ing
misplays	n	misplay _s
misplays	v	misplay _es
misprinted	v	misprint _ed
misprinting	v	misprint _ing
misprints	n	misprint _s
mispronounced	v	mispronounce _ed
mispronounces	v	mispronounce _es
mispronunciations	n	mispronunciation _s
misquotations	n	misquotation _s
misquoted	v	misquote _ed
misquotes	n	misquote _s
misquotes	v	misquote _es
misreading	v	misread _ing
misreadings	n	misreading _s
misreadings	v	misread _es
misreads	v	misread _es
misrepresentations	n	misrepresentation _s
misrepresented	v	misrepresent _ed
misrepresenting	v	misrepresent _ing
misrepresents	v	misrepresent _es
missals	n	missal _s
missed	v	miss _ed
misses	n	miss _s
misses	v	miss _es
missiles	n	missile _s
missing	v	miss _ing
missioners	n	missioner _s
missions	n	mission _s
missives	n	missive _s
misspeaking	v	misspeak _ing
misspelled	v	misspell _ed
misspelling	v	misspell _ing
misspellings	n	misspelling _s
misspells	v	misspell _es
misspending	v	misspend _ing
misspends	v	misspend _es
misstated	v	misstate _ed
misstatement	n	mis_ state _ment
misstatements	n	mis_ state _ment _s
misstates	v	misstate _es
missteps	n	misstep _s
mistaken	v	mistake _n
mistakenly	r	mis_ take _en _ly
mistakes	n	mistake _s
mistakes	v	mistake _es
misted	v	mist _ed
misters	n	mister _s
mistimed	v	mistime _ed
mistimes	v	mistime _es
misting	v	mist _ing
mistranslated	v	mistranslate _ed
mistreated	v	mistreat _ed
mistreating	v	mistreat _ing
mistreats	v	mistreat _es
mistresses	n	mistress _s
mistrials	n	mistrial _s
mistrusted	v	mistrust _ed
mistrustful	a	mis_ trust _ful
mistrustful	n	mis_ trust _ful
mistrusting	v	mistrust _ing
mistrusts	n	mistrust _s
mistrusts	v	mistrust _es
mists	n	mist _s
mists	v	mist _es
misty	a	mist _y
misty	n	mist _y
misty	o	mist _y
misty	v	mist _y
misunderstanding	v	misunderstand _ing
misunderstandings	n	misunderstanding _s
misunderstandings	v	misunderstand _es
misunderstands	v	misunderstand _es
misused	v	misuse _ed
misuses	n	misuse _s
misuses	v	misuse _es
mites	n	mite _s
mitigated	v	mitigate _ed
mitigates	v	mitigate _es
mitigation	n	mitigate _ion
mitres	n	mitre _s
mittens	n	mitten _s
mitts	n	mitt _s
mixed	v	mix _ed
mixer	a	mix _er
mixer	n	mix _er
mixer	v	mix _er
mixers	n	mix _er _s
mixes	n	mix _s
mixes	v	mix _es
mixing	v	mix _ing
mixtures	n	mixture _s
mnemonics	n	mnemonic _s
moaned	v	moan _ed
moaner	n	moan _er
moaners	n	moan _er _s
moaning	v	moan _ing
moans	n	moan _s
moans	v	moan _es
moats	n	moat _s
mobbed	v	mob _ed
mobbing	v	mob _ing
mobiles	n	mobile _s
mobility	a	mobile _ity
mobility	n	mobile _ity
mobility	v	mobile _ity
mobilizations	n	mobilization _s
mobilize	n	mobile _ize
mobilize	v	mobile _ize
mobilized	v	mobile _ize _ed
mobilizes	v	mobile _ize _es
mobs	n	mob _s
mobs	v	mob _es
mobsters	n	mobster _s
moccasins	n	moccasin _s
mochas	n	mocha _s
mocked	v	mock _ed
mocker	n	mock _er
mockers	n	mock _er _s
mocking	v	mock _ing
mockingbirds	n	mockingbird _s
mocks	n	mock _s
mocks	v	mock _es
modality	n	modal _ity
modelled	v	model _ed
modeller	n	model _er
modellers	n	model _er _s
modelling	v	model _ing
models	n	model _s
modems	n	modem _s
moderated	v	moderate _ed
moderately	a	moderate _ly
moderately	r	moderate _ly
moderates	n	moderate _s
moderates	v	moderate _es
moderation	n	moderate _ion
moderation	v	moderate _ion
moderators	n	moderator _s
modernistic	a	modern _ism _ist _ic
modernists	n	modernist _s
modernity	n	modern _ity
modernity	v	modern _ity
modernize	v	modern _ize
modernized	v	modern _ize _ed
modernizes	v	modern _ize _es
moderns	n	modern _s
modes	n	mode _s
modestly	r	modest _ly
modicums	n	modicum _s
modifications	n	modification _s
modifier	a	modify _er
modifier	n	modify _er
modifiers	n	modify _er _s
modifying	v	modify _ing
mods	n	mod _s
modulated	v	modulate _ed
modulates	v	modulate _es
modulations	n	modulation _s
modules	n	module _s
moguls	n	mogul _s
moiled	v	moil _ed
moistened	v	moisten _ed
moistening	v	moisten _ing
moistens	v	moisten _es
moister	a	moist _er
moistest	a	moist _est
moistness	n	moist _ness
moisturized	v	moisturize _ed
moisturizes	v	moisturize _es
molars	n	molar _s
molecules	n	molecule _s
molehills	n	molehill _s
moles	n	mole _s
molested	v	molest _ed
molesters	n	molester _s
molesting	v	molest _ing
molests	v	molest _es
mollifying	v	mollify _ing
molls	n	moll _s
molluscs	n	mollusc _s
mollycoddled	v	mollycoddle _ed
momentarily	a	moment _ary _ly
momentarily	n	moment _ary _ly
momentarily	r	moment _ary _ly
momentarily	v	moment _ary _ly
momentous	a	moment _ous
moments	n	moment _s
moms	n	mom _s
monarchic	a	monarch _ic
monarchic	n	monarch _ic
monarchist	a	monarchy _ism _ist
monarchist	n	monarchy _ism _ist
monarchists	n	monarchy _ism _ist _s
monarchs	n	monarch _s
monastics	n	monastic _s
monetarists	n	monetarist _s
monetized	v	monetize _ed
monetizes	v	monetize _es
moneybags	n	moneybag _s
moneylenders	n	moneylender _s
moneymakers	n	moneymaker _s
moneys	n	money _s
mongered	v	monger _ed
mongering	v	monger _ing
mongers	n	monger _s
mongoloids	n	mongoloid _s
mongols	n	mongol _s
mongooses	n	mongoose _s
mongrels	n	mongrel _s
monikers	n	moniker _s
monitored	v	monitor _ed
monitoring	v	monitor _ing
monitors	n	monitor _s
monitors	v	monitor _es
monkeyed	v	monkey _ed
monkeying	v	monkey _ing
monkeys	n	monkey _s
monkeys	v	monkey _es
monks	n	monk _s
monochromes	n	monochrome _s
monocles	n	monocle _s
monocotyledons	n	monocotyledon _s
monogamists	n	monogamist _s
monogamous	a	monogamy _ous
monograms	n	monogram _s
monographs	n	monograph _s
monolinguals	n	monolingual _s
monolithic	a	monolith _ic
monolithic	n	monolith _ic
monoliths	n	monolith _s
monologists	n	monologist _s
monologues	n	monologue _s
monomaniacs	n	monomaniac _s
monomers	n	monomer _s
monoplanes	n	monoplane _s
monopolistic	a	monopoly _ist _ic
monopolistic	n	monopoly _ist _ic
monopolists	n	monopolist _s
monopolize	v	monopoly _ize
monopolized	v	monopoly _ize _ed
monopolizes	v	monopoly _ize _es
monorails	n	monorail _s
monosyllabic	a	monosyllable _ic
monosyllabic	n	monosyllable _ic
monosyllables	n	monosyllable _s
monotheistic	a	monotheism _ic
monotheistic	n	monotheism _ic
monotheists	n	monotheism _ist _s
monotones	n	monotone _s
monotonous	a	monotony _ous
monotonously	r	monotony _ous _ly
monsignors	n	monsignor _s
monsoons	n	monsoon _s
monsters	n	monster _s
monstrosity	n	monster _ous _ity
monstrous	a	monster _ous
monstrously	r	monster _ous _ly
montages	n	montage _s
monthly	a	month _ly
monthly	n	month _ly
monthly	r	month _ly
monthly	v	month _ly
months	n	month _s
monumental	a	monument _al
monumental	n	monument _al
monumental	v	monument _al
monumentally	r	monument _al _ly
monuments	n	monument _s
mooched	v	mooch _ed
moochers	n	moocher _s
mooches	n	mooch _s
mooches	v	mooch _es
mooching	v	mooch _ing
moodily	r	mood _y _ly
moodiness	n	mood _y _ness
moods	n	mood _s
moody	a	mood _y
moody	n	mood _y
moody	v	mood _y
mooed	v	moo _ed
mooing	v	moo _ing
moonbeams	n	moonbeam _s
mooned	v	moon _ed
mooning	v	moon _ing
moonless	a	moon _less
moonless	n	moon _less
moonlighted	v	moonlight _ed
moonlighters	n	moonlighter _s
moonlighting	v	moonlight _ing
moonlights	n	moonlight _s
moonlights	v	moonlight _es
moons	n	moon _s
moons	v	moon _es
moonshiners	n	moonshiner _s
moonstones	n	moonstone _s
moonwalks	n	moonwalk _s
moored	v	moor _ed
moorhens	n	moorhen _s
mooring	v	moor _ing
moorings	n	mooring _s
moorlands	n	moorland _s
moors	n	moor _s
moos	n	moo _s
moos	v	moo _es
mooted	v	moot _ed
mooting	v	moot _ing
moots	n	moot _s
moots	v	moot _es
moped	v	mop _ed
mopeds	n	moped _s
mopes	n	mope _s
mopes	v	mop _es
moping	v	mop _ing
mopped	v	mop _ed
moppets	n	moppet _s
mopping	v	mop _ing
mops	n	mop _s
mops	v	mop _es
moraines	n	moraine _s
moralist	n	moral _ist
moralistic	a	moral _ist _ic
moralistic	v	moral _ist _ic
moralists	n	moral _ist _s
morality	n	moral _ity
morality	v	moral _ity
moralize	v	moral _ize
moralized	v	moral _ize _ed
morally	n	moral _ly
morally	r	moral _ly
morals	n	moral _s
morasses	n	morass _s
moratoriums	n	moratorium _s
morays	n	moray _s
morbidity	n	morbid _ity
morbidly	r	morbid _ly
morels	n	morel _s
mores	n	more _s
morgues	n	morgue _s
mornings	n	morning _s
morns	n	morn _s
moronic	a	moron _ic
moronic	n	moron _ic
morons	n	moron _s
morosely	r	morose _ly
morphed	v	morph _ed
morphemes	n	morpheme _s
morphing	v	morph _ing
morphs	v	morph _es
morrows	n	morrow _s
morsels	n	morsel _s
mortality	n	mortal _ity
mortally	r	mortal _ly
mortals	n	mortal _s
mortarboards	n	mortarboard _s
mortared	v	mortar _ed
mortaring	v	mortar _ing
mortars	n	mortar _s
mortars	v	mortar _es
mortgaged	v	mortgage _ed
mortgagees	n	mortgagee _s
mortgagees	v	mortgage _es
mortgages	n	mortgage _s
mortgagors	n	mortgagor _s
morticians	n	mortician _s
mortifying	v	mortify _ing
mortised	v	mortise _ed
mortises	n	mortise _s
mos	n	mo _s
mosaic	a	moses _ic
mosaic	n	moses _ic
mosaic	o	moses _ic
mosaic	r	moses _ic
mosaic	v	moses _ic
mosaics	n	moses _ic _s
moseyed	v	mosey _ed
moseying	v	mosey _ing
moshed	v	mosh _ed
moshing	v	mosh _ing
mosques	n	mosque _s
mosquitoes	n	mosquito _s
mossbacks	n	mossback _s
mosses	n	moss _s
mossy	a	moss _y
mossy	n	moss _y
mostly	r	most _ly
motels	n	motel _s
motes	n	mote _s
motets	n	motet _s
mothballed	v	mothball _ed
mothballing	v	mothball _ing
mothballs	n	mothball _s
mothballs	v	mothball _es
mothered	v	mother _ed
motherfuckers	n	motherfucker _s
mothering	v	mother _ing
motherlands	n	motherland _s
motherless	a	mother _less
motherless	n	mother _less
mothers	n	mother _s
mothers	v	mother _es
moths	n	moth _s
motifs	n	motif _s
motioned	v	motion _ed
motioning	v	motion _ing
motionless	a	motion _less
motionless	n	motion _less
motionless	r	motion _less
motions	n	motion _s
motions	v	motion _es
motivated	v	motivate _ed
motivates	v	motivate _es
motivation	n	motive _ate _ion
motivation	v	motive _ate _ion
motivations	n	motive _ate _ion _s
motivators	n	motivator _s
motiveless	a	motive _less
motiveless	n	motive _less
motorbiked	v	motorbike _ed
motorbikes	n	motorbike _s
motorbikes	v	motorbike _es
motorboats	n	motorboat _s
motorboats	v	motorboat _es
motorcades	n	motorcade _s
motorcars	n	motorcar _s
motorcycled	v	motorcycle _ed
motorcycles	n	motorcycle _s
motorcycles	v	motorcycle _es
motorcyclists	n	motorcyclist _s
motored	v	motor _ed
motoring	v	motor _ing
motorists	n	motorist _s
motorized	v	motor _ize _ed
motormouths	n	motormouth _s
motors	n	motor _s
motors	v	motor _es
motorways	n	motorway _s
mots	n	mot _s
mottled	v	mottle _ed
mottoes	n	motto _s
moues	n	moue _s
moulded	v	mould _ed
moulder	n	mould _er
moulder	v	mould _er
mouldered	v	mould _er _ed
mouldering	v	mould _er _ing
moulding	v	mould _ing
mouldings	n	moulding _s
moulds	n	mould _s
moulds	v	mould _es
mouldy	a	mould _y
mouldy	n	mould _y
mouldy	o	mould _y
moulted	v	moult _ed
moulting	v	moult _ing
moults	n	moult _s
moults	v	moult _es
mounded	v	mound _ed
mounding	v	mound _ing
mounds	n	mound _s
mounds	v	mound _es
mountaineering	v	mountaineer _ing
mountaineers	n	mountaineer _s
mountainous	a	mountain _ous
mountains	n	mountain _s
mountainsides	n	mountainside _s
mountebanks	n	mountebank _s
mounted	v	mount _ed
mounters	n	mounter _s
mounting	v	mount _ing
mountings	n	mounting _s
mounts	n	mount _s
mounts	v	mount _es
mourned	v	mourn _ed
mourner	n	mourn _er
mourners	n	mourn _er _s
mournfully	r	mourn _ful _ly
mourning	v	mourn _ing
mourns	v	mourn _es
mouser	n	mouse _er
mouser	r	mouse _er
mousers	n	mouse _er _s
mouses	n	mouse _s
mouses	v	mouse _es
mousetraps	n	mousetrap _s
moussakas	n	moussaka _s
mousses	n	mousse _s
moustaches	n	moustache _s
mousy	a	mouse _y
mousy	n	mouse _y
mouthed	v	mouth _ed
mouthfuls	n	mouthful _s
mouthing	v	mouth _ing
mouthpieces	n	mouthpiece _s
mouths	n	mouth _s
mouths	v	mouth _es
mouthwashes	n	mouthwash _s
movable	a	move _able
movable	v	move _able
movables	n	move _able _s
moved	v	move _ed
movement	n	move _ment
movements	n	move _ment _s
mover	n	move _er
mover	r	move _er
movers	n	move _er _s
moves	n	move _s
moves	v	move _es
moviegoers	n	moviegoer _s
movies	n	movie _s
movingly	r	move _ing _ly
mowed	v	mow _ed
mower	a	mow _er
mower	n	mow _er
mowers	n	mow _er _s
mowing	v	mow _ing
mows	n	mow _s
mows	v	mow _es
ms	n	m _s
mucked	v	muck _ed
mucking	v	muck _ing
muckrakers	n	muckrake _er _s
mucks	n	muck _s
mucks	v	muck _es
mucky	a	muck _y
mucky	n	muck _y
mucky	v	muck _y
mucous	a	mucus _ous
mucous	n	mucus _ous
muddiness	n	mud _y _ness
muddled	v	muddle _ed
muddles	n	muddle _s
muddles	v	muddle _es
muddy	a	mud _y
muddy	n	mud _y
muddy	o	mud _y
muddy	r	mud _y
muddy	v	mud _y
muddying	v	mud _y _ing
mudguards	n	mudguard _s
mudslides	n	mudslide _s
mudslingers	n	mudslinger _s
muezzins	n	muezzin _s
muffed	v	muff _ed
muffing	v	muff _ing
muffins	n	muffin _s
muffled	v	muffle _ed
muffler	n	muffle _er
mufflers	n	muffle _er _s
muffles	n	muffle _s
muffles	v	muffle _es
muffs	n	muff _s
muftis	n	mufti _s
mugfuls	n	mugful _s
mugged	v	mug _ed
mugger	n	mug _er
mugger	v	mug _er
muggers	n	mug _er _s
mugging	v	mug _ing
muggings	n	mugging _s
mugs	n	mug _s
mugs	v	mug _es
mugshots	n	mugshot _s
mugwumps	n	mugwump _s
mulattoes	n	mulatto _s
mulched	v	mulch _ed
mulches	n	mulch _s
mulches	v	mulch _es
mulching	v	mulch _ing
mulcted	v	mulct _ed
mules	n	mule _s
muleteers	n	muleteer _s
mullahs	n	mullah _s
mulled	v	mull _ed
mullets	n	mullet _s
mulligans	n	mulligan _s
mulling	v	mull _ing
mullions	n	mullion _s
mulls	n	mull _s
mulls	v	mull _es
multilaterally	r	multilateral _ly
multiples	n	multiple _s
multiplexers	n	multiplexer _s
multiplexes	n	multiplex _s
multiplications	n	multiplication _s
multiplicity	n	multiple _ity
multipliers	n	multiplier _s
multiply	a	multiple _ly
multiply	n	multiple _ly
multiply	r	multiple _ly
multiply	v	multiple _ly
multiplying	v	multiple _ly _ing
multiprocessors	n	multiprocessor _s
multitudes	n	multitude _s
multitudinous	a	multitude _ous
multivitamins	n	multivitamin _s
mumbled	v	mumble _ed
mumblers	n	mumbler _s
mumbles	n	mumble _s
mumbles	v	mumble _es
mummer	n	mum _er
mummer	v	mum _er
mummers	n	mum _er _s
mummifying	v	mummify _ing
munched	v	munch _ed
munches	n	munch _s
munches	v	munch _es
munching	v	munch _ing
mundanely	r	mundane _ly
municipality	n	municipal _ity
municipally	r	municipal _ly
munitions	n	munition _s
muralists	n	muralist _s
murals	n	mural _s
murdered	v	murder _ed
murderer	a	murder _er
murderer	n	murder _er
murderer	v	murder _er
murderers	n	murder _er _s
murderess	v	murder _es
murderesses	n	murderess _s
murderesses	v	murder _es
murdering	v	murder _ing
murderous	a	murder _ous
murderously	r	murder _ous _ly
murders	n	murder _s
murders	v	murder _es
murky	a	murk _y
murky	n	murk _y
murky	r	murk _y
murky	v	murk _y
murmured	v	murmur _ed
murmurers	n	murmurer _s
murmuring	v	murmur _ing
murmurings	n	murmuring _s
murmurs	n	murmur _s
murmurs	v	murmur _es
mus	n	mu _s
muscatels	n	muscatel _s
muscats	n	muscat _s
muscled	v	muscle _ed
muscles	n	muscle _s
muscles	v	muscle _es
mused	v	muse _ed
muses	n	mus _s
muses	v	muse _es
museums	n	museum _s
mushed	v	mush _ed
mushers	n	musher _s
mushes	n	mush _s
mushes	v	mush _es
mushing	v	mush _ing
mushroomed	v	mushroom _ed
mushrooming	v	mushroom _ing
mushrooms	n	mushroom _s
mushrooms	v	mushroom _es
mushy	a	mush _y
mushy	n	mush _y
mushy	v	mush _y
musical	a	music _al
musical	n	music _al
musical	v	music _al
musically	r	music _al _ly
musicals	n	music _al _s
musicians	n	musician _s
musicologists	n	musicologist _s
musics	n	music _s
musings	n	musing _s
musketeers	n	musketeer _s
muskets	n	musket _s
muskrats	n	muskrat _s
musky	a	musk _y
musky	n	musk _y
muss	n	mus _s
mussed	v	muss _ed
mussels	n	mussel _s
mussing	v	muss _ing
mustachios	n	mustachio _s
mustangs	n	mustang _s
mustered	v	muster _ed
mustering	v	muster _ing
musters	n	muster _s
musters	v	muster _es
musts	n	must _s
musty	a	must _y
musty	n	must _y
mutability	n	mutable _ity
mutagens	n	mutagen _s
mutants	n	mutant _s
mutated	v	mutate _ed
mutates	v	mutate _es
mutations	n	mutation _s
muted	v	mute _ed
mutely	r	mute _ly
mutes	n	mute _s
mutes	v	mute _es
mutilated	v	mutilate _ed
mutilates	v	mutilate _es
mutilation	n	mutilate _ion
mutilations	n	mutilate _ion _s
mutilators	n	mutilator _s
mutineers	n	mutineer _s
mutinous	a	mutiny _ous
mutinying	v	mutiny _ing
muttered	v	mutter _ed
mutterers	n	mutterer _s
muttering	v	mutter _ing
mutterings	n	muttering _s
mutters	n	mutter _s
mutters	v	mutter _es
mutts	n	mutt _s
mutuality	n	mutual _ity
mutually	r	mutual _ly
muumuus	n	muumuu _s
muzzled	v	muzzle _ed
muzzles	n	muzzle _s
muzzles	v	muzzle _es
mycologists	n	mycologist _s
mynas	n	myna _s
myopic	a	myopia _ic
myopic	n	myopia _ic
myopic	r	myopia _ic
myopic	v	myopia _ic
myriads	n	myriad _s
myrmidons	n	myrmidon _s
myrtles	n	myrtle _s
mysterious	a	mystery _ous
mysteriously	r	mystery _ous _ly
mysteriousness	n	mystery _ous _ness
mystical	a	mystic _al
mystical	n	mystic _al
mystical	v	mystic _al
mystically	r	mystic _al _ly
mystics	n	mystic _s
mystifying	v	mystify _ing
mythologist	n	mythology _ist
mythologists	n	mythology _ist _s
mythologized	v	mythologize _ed
mythologizes	v	mythologize _es
myths	n	myth _s
naans	n	naan _s
nabbed	v	nab _ed
nabbing	v	nab _ing
nabobs	n	nabob _s
nabs	v	nab _es
nacelles	n	nacelle _s
nachos	n	nacho _s
nadirs	n	nadir _s
nagged	v	nag _ed
naggers	n	nagger _s
nagging	v	nag _ing
nags	n	nag _s
nags	v	nag _es
naiads	n	naiad _s
naifs	n	naif _s
nailed	v	nail _ed
nailing	v	nail _ing
nails	n	nail _s
nails	v	nail _es
naively	r	naive _ly
nakedly	r	naked _ly
nakedness	a	naked _ness
nakedness	n	naked _ness
nakedness	r	naked _ness
named	v	name _ed
nameless	a	name _less
nameless	n	name _less
nameless	r	name _less
nameless	v	name _less
namely	a	name _ly
namely	r	name _ly
nameplates	n	nameplate _s
names	n	name _s
names	v	name _es
namesakes	n	namesake _s
nanoseconds	n	nanosecond _s
napes	n	nape _s
napkins	n	napkin _s
napoleons	n	napoleon _s
napped	v	nap _ed
napping	v	nap _ing
naps	n	nap _s
naps	v	nap _es
narcissistic	a	narcis _ism _ist _ic
narcissists	n	narcissist _s
narcotics	n	narcotic _s
narcotized	v	narcotize _ed
narcs	n	narc _s
narrated	v	narrate _ed
narrates	v	narrate _es
narrations	n	narration _s
narratives	n	narrative _s
narrators	n	narrator _s
narrowed	v	narrow _ed
narrower	a	narrow _er
narrowest	a	narrow _est
narrowing	v	narrow _ing
narrowly	a	narrow _ly
narrowly	n	narrow _ly
narrowly	r	narrow _ly
narrowness	n	narrow _ness
narrowness	r	narrow _ness
narrows	n	narrow _s
narrows	v	narrow _es
narwhals	n	narwhal _s
nasally	r	nasal _ly
nasals	n	nasal _s
nastily	r	nasty _ly
nastiness	a	nasty _ness
nastiness	n	nasty _ness
nastiness	r	nasty _ness
nasturtiums	n	nasturtium _s
national	a	nation _al
nationalistic	a	national _ism _ist _ic
nationalists	n	nationalist _s
nationality	a	nation _al _ity
nationality	n	nation _al _ity
nationalizations	n	nationalization _s
nationalize	a	nation _al _ize
nationalize	v	nation _al _ize
nationalized	v	nation _al _ize _ed
nationalizes	v	nation _al _ize _es
nationally	r	nation _al _ly
nationals	n	nation _al _s
nations	n	nation _s
natives	n	native _s
nativity	a	native _ity
nativity	n	native _ity
nattered	v	natter _ed
nattering	v	natter _ing
natural	a	nature _al
naturalist	a	nature _al _ism _ist
naturalist	n	nature _al _ism _ist
naturalist	v	nature _al _ism _ist
naturalistic	a	nature _al _ism _ist _ic
naturalists	n	nature _al _ism _ist _s
naturalize	a	nature _al _ize
naturalize	n	nature _al _ize
naturalize	v	nature _al _ize
naturalized	v	nature _al _ize _ed
naturalizes	v	nature _al _ize _es
naturally	a	nature _al _ly
naturally	r	nature _al _ly
naturalness	a	nature _al _ness
naturalness	n	nature _al _ness
naturals	n	nature _al _s
natures	n	nature _s
naturist	a	nature _ist
naturist	n	nature _ist
naturists	n	nature _ist _s
naughtily	r	naught _y _ly
naughtiness	a	naught _y _ness
naughtiness	n	naught _y _ness
naughtiness	o	naught _y _ness
naughtiness	r	naught _y _ness
naughty	a	naught _y
naughty	n	naught _y
naughty	o	naught _y
naughty	r	naught _y
naughty	v	naught _y
nauseated	v	nauseate _ed
nauseates	v	nauseate _es
nauseous	a	nausea _ous
nautiluses	n	nautilus _s
naval	a	navy _al
naval	n	navy _al
navels	n	navel _s
naves	n	nave _s
navigable	a	navigate _able
navigated	v	navigate _ed
navigates	v	navigate _es
navigators	n	navigator _s
nays	n	nay _s
naysayers	n	naysayer _s
neanderthals	n	neanderthal _s
neared	v	near _ed
nearer	a	near _er
nearest	a	near _est
nearing	v	near _ing
nearly	r	near _ly
nearness	n	near _ness
nearness	r	near _ness
nears	v	near _es
neatened	v	neaten _ed
neatening	v	neaten _ing
neatens	v	neaten _es
neater	a	neat _er
neatest	a	neat _est
neatly	r	neat _ly
neatness	a	neat _ness
neatness	n	neat _ness
neatness	r	neat _ness
neatness	v	neat _ness
nebulae	n	nebula _e
nebulous	a	nebula _ous
necessarily	a	necessary _ly
necessarily	r	necessary _ly
necessitated	v	necessitate _ed
necessitates	v	necessitate _es
necessitous	a	necessity _ous
neckbands	n	neckband _s
necked	v	neck _ed
neckerchiefs	n	neckerchief _s
necking	v	neck _ing
necklaces	n	necklace _s
necklines	n	neckline _s
necks	n	neck _s
necks	v	neck _es
neckties	n	necktie _s
necromancers	n	necromancer _s
necropolises	n	necropolis _s
nectarines	n	nectarine _s
needed	v	need _ed
needful	a	need _ful
needful	n	need _ful
needful	v	need _ful
needing	v	need _ing
needled	v	needle _ed
needles	n	needle _s
needles	v	needle _es
needless	a	need _less
needless	n	need _less
needless	r	need _less
needless	v	need _less
needlessly	r	need _less _ly
needs	n	need _s
needs	v	need _es
needy	a	need _y
needy	n	need _y
negated	v	negate _ed
negates	v	negate _es
negations	n	negation _s
negatively	r	negative _ly
negatives	n	negative _s
negatives	v	negative _es
neglected	v	neglect _ed
neglectful	a	neglect _ful
neglectful	n	neglect _ful
neglecting	v	neglect _ing
neglects	n	neglect _s
neglects	v	neglect _es
negligees	n	negligee _s
negligently	r	negligent _ly
negotiable	a	negotiate _able
negotiated	v	negotiate _ed
negotiates	v	negotiate _es
negotiations	n	negotiation _s
negotiators	n	negotiator _s
neighboured	v	neighbour _ed
neighbourhoods	n	neighbourhood _s
neighbouring	v	neighbour _ing
neighbourliness	a	neighbour _ly _ness
neighbourliness	n	neighbour _ly _ness
neighbourliness	r	neighbour _ly _ness
neighbours	n	neighbour _s
neighbours	v	neighbour _es
neighed	v	neigh _ed
neighing	v	neigh _ing
neighs	n	neigh _s
nelsons	n	nelson _s
nematodes	n	nematode _s
neocons	n	neocon _s
neoconservatives	n	neoconservative _s
neologisms	n	neologism _s
neonates	n	neonate _s
neophytes	n	neophyte _s
neoplasms	n	neoplasm _s
nephews	n	nephew _s
nerds	n	nerd _s
nerved	v	nerve _ed
nerveless	a	nerve _less
nerveless	n	nerve _less
nerveless	r	nerve _less
nerves	n	nerve _s
nerves	v	nerve _es
nervous	a	nerve _ous
nervously	r	nerve _ous _ly
nervousness	a	nerve _ous _ness
nervousness	n	nerve _ous _ness
nervousness	r	nerve _ous _ness
nervousness	v	nerve _ous _ness
nervy	a	nerve _y
nervy	n	nerve _y
nervy	r	nerve _y
nested	v	nest _ed
nesting	v	nest _ing
nestled	v	nestle _ed
nestles	n	nestle _s
nestles	v	nestle _es
nestlings	n	nestling _s
nests	n	nest _s
nests	v	nest _es
nets	n	net _s
nets	v	net _es
netted	v	net _ed
netter	a	nett _er
netting	v	net _ing
nettled	v	nettle _ed
nettles	n	nettle _s
nettles	v	nettle _es
networked	v	network _ed
networking	v	network _ing
networks	n	network _s
networks	v	network _es
neuralgic	a	neuralgia _ic
neuralgic	n	neuralgia _ic
neurologists	n	neurologist _s
neurons	n	neuron _s
neurosurgeons	n	neurosurgeon _s
neurotic	a	neurosis _ic
neurotics	n	neurosis _ic _s
neurotransmitters	n	neurotransmitter _s
neutered	v	neuter _ed
neutering	v	neuter _ing
neuters	n	neuter _s
neuters	v	neuter _es
neutrality	a	neutr _al _ity
neutrality	n	neutr _al _ity
neutralize	a	neutral _ize
neutralize	n	neutral _ize
neutralize	r	neutral _ize
neutralize	v	neutral _ize
neutralized	v	neutral _ize _ed
neutralizes	v	neutral _ize _es
neutrally	r	neutral _ly
neutrals	n	neutral _s
neutrinos	n	neutrino _s
neutrons	n	neutron _s
newbies	n	newbie _s
newborns	n	newborn _s
newcomers	n	newcomer _s
newels	n	newel _s
newer	a	new _er
newest	a	new _est
newly	n	new _ly
newly	r	new _ly
newlyweds	n	newlywed _s
newness	a	new _ness
newness	n	new _ness
newsagents	n	newsagent _s
newsboys	n	newsboy _s
newscasters	n	newscaster _s
newscasts	n	newscast _s
newsflashes	n	newsflash _s
newsletters	n	newsletter _s
newspapers	n	newspaper _s
newsreaders	n	newsreader _s
newsreels	n	newsreel _s
newsrooms	n	newsroom _s
newsstands	n	newsstand _s
newsy	a	news _y
newsy	n	news _y
newtons	n	newton _s
newts	n	newt _s
nibbled	v	nibble _ed
nibblers	n	nibbler _s
nibbles	n	nibble _s
nibbles	v	nibble _es
nibs	n	nib _s
nicely	r	nice _ly
niceness	a	nice _ness
niceness	n	nice _ness
niceness	o	nice _ness
niceness	r	nice _ness
niceness	v	nice _ness
nicer	a	nice _r
nicest	a	nice _st
niches	n	niche _s
nicked	v	nick _ed
nickelodeons	n	nickelodeon _s
nickels	n	nickel _s
nickers	n	nicker _s
nicking	v	nick _ing
nicknamed	v	nickname _ed
nicknames	n	nickname _s
nicknames	v	nickname _es
nicks	n	nick _s
nicks	v	nick _es
nieces	n	niece _s
niggas	n	nigga _s
niggers	n	nigger _s
niggled	v	niggle _ed
nigglers	n	niggler _s
niggles	v	niggle _es
nightcaps	n	nightcap _s
nightclubs	n	nightclub _s
nightdresses	n	nightdress _s
nightgowns	n	nightgown _s
nighthawks	n	nighthawk _s
nighties	n	nightie _s
nightingales	n	nightingale _s
nightmares	n	nightmare _s
nights	n	night _s
nightshades	n	nightshade _s
nightshirts	n	nightshirt _s
nightspots	n	nightspot _s
nightsticks	n	nightstick _s
nihilistic	a	nihilism _ist _ic
nihilists	n	nihilist _s
nimbleness	n	nimble _ness
nimbler	a	nimble _r
nimblest	a	nimble _st
nimbly	r	nimble _ly
nimrods	n	nimrod _s
nincompoops	n	nincompoop _s
ninepins	n	ninepin _s
nines	n	nine _s
nineteens	n	nineteen _s
ninjas	n	ninja _s
ninths	n	ninth _s
nipped	v	nip _ed
nipper	a	nip _er
nipper	n	nip _er
nippers	n	nip _er _s
nipping	v	nip _ing
nipples	n	nipple _s
nippy	a	nip _y
nips	n	nip _s
nips	v	nip _es
nitpicked	v	nitpick _ed
nitpickers	n	nitpicker _s
nitpicking	v	nitpick _ing
nitrated	v	nitrate _ed
nitrates	n	nitrate _s
nitrates	v	nitrate _es
nitric	a	nitre _ic
nitrites	n	nitrite _s
nits	n	nit _s
nitwits	n	nitwit _s
nixed	v	nix _ed
nixes	n	nix _s
nixes	v	nix _es
nixing	v	nix _ing
nobbled	v	nobble _ed
nobbles	v	nobble _es
nobility	n	noble _ity
nobler	a	noble _r
nobles	n	noble _s
noblest	a	noble _st
nobly	a	noble _ly
nobly	r	noble _ly
nobs	n	nob _s
nocturnal	a	nocturne _al
nocturnal	n	nocturne _al
nocturnally	r	nocturne _al _ly
nocturnes	n	nocturne _s
nodal	a	node _al
nodal	n	node _al
nodal	o	node _al
nodded	v	nod _ed
nodding	v	nod _ing
noddles	n	noddle _s
nodes	n	node _s
nodes	v	nod _es
nods	n	nod _s
nods	v	nod _es
nodules	n	nodule _s
noels	n	noel _s
noes	n	no _s
noggins	n	noggin _s
noiseless	a	noise _less
noiseless	n	noise _less
noiselessly	r	noise _less _ly
noisemakers	n	noisemaker _s
noises	n	noise _s
noises	v	noise _es
noisily	a	noise _y _ly
noisily	r	noise _y _ly
noisy	a	noise _y
noisy	n	noise _y
noisy	o	noise _y
noisy	r	noise _y
noisy	v	noise _y
nomadic	a	nomad _ic
nomadic	n	nomad _ic
nomads	n	nomad _s
nomenclatures	n	nomenclature _s
nominally	r	nominal _ly
nominated	v	nominate _ed
nominates	v	nominate _es
nominations	n	nomination _s
nominators	n	nominator _s
nominees	n	nominee _s
nonagenarians	n	nonagenarian _s
nonbelievers	n	nonbeliever _s
nonchalantly	r	non_ chalant _ly
noncombatants	n	noncombatant _s
noncoms	n	noncom _s
nonconformists	n	nonconformist _s
nondrinkers	n	nondrinker _s
nonevents	n	nonevent _s
nonmembers	n	nonmember _s
nonpareils	n	nonpareil _s
nonparticipants	n	nonparticipant _s
nonpartisans	n	nonpartisan _s
nonplussed	v	nonplus _ed
nonprofits	n	nonprofit _s
nonresidents	n	nonresident _s
nonsmokers	n	nonsmoker _s
nonstarters	n	nonstarter _s
noodles	n	noodle _s
nooks	n	nook _s
nooses	n	noose _s
nooses	v	noose _es
normal	a	norm _al
normality	n	norm _al _ity
normalize	a	norm _al _ize
normalize	n	norm _al _ize
normalize	v	norm _al _ize
normalized	v	norm _al _ize _ed
normalizes	v	norm _al _ize _es
normally	a	norm _al _ly
normally	r	norm _al _ly
norms	n	norm _s
northeasters	n	northeaster _s
northeastwards	n	northeastward _s
northerly	a	north _ly
northerly	r	north _ly
northerners	n	northerner _s
northwards	n	northward _s
northwesterly	a	northwest _ly
northwestwards	n	northwestward _s
nos	n	no _s
nosebleeds	n	nosebleed _s
nosed	v	nose _ed
nosedived	v	nosedive _ed
nosedives	n	nosedive _s
nosedives	v	nosedive _es
nosegays	n	nosegay _s
noses	n	nose _s
noses	v	nose _es
noshed	v	nosh _ed
noshes	n	nosh _s
noshing	v	nosh _ing
nosiness	a	nose _y _ness
nosiness	n	nose _y _ness
nostalgic	a	nostalgia _ic
nostalgic	n	nostalgia _ic
nostalgic	r	nostalgia _ic
nostalgic	v	nostalgia _ic
nostrils	n	nostril _s
nostrums	n	nostrum _s
nosy	a	nose _y
nosy	n	nose _y
nosy	r	nose _y
notability	n	note _able _ity
notable	a	note _able
notables	n	note _able _s
notably	a	note _able _ly
notably	r	note _able _ly
notarized	v	notarize _ed
notated	v	notate _ed
notates	v	notate _es
notations	n	notation _s
notched	v	notch _ed
notches	n	notch _s
notches	v	notch _es
notching	v	notch _ing
notebooks	n	notebook _s
noted	v	note _ed
notepads	n	notepad _s
notes	n	note _s
notes	v	note _es
nothingness	a	nothing _ness
nothingness	n	nothing _ness
nothingness	r	nothing _ness
nothingness	v	nothing _ness
nothings	n	nothing _s
noticeable	a	notice _able
noticeable	n	notice _able
noticeably	r	notice _able _ly
noticed	v	notice _ed
notices	n	notice _s
notices	v	notice _es
notifiable	a	notify _able
notifications	n	notification _s
notifying	v	notify _ing
notional	a	notion _al
notional	n	notion _al
notions	n	notion _s
notoriously	a	notorious _ly
notoriously	r	notorious _ly
nougats	n	nougat _s
noughts	n	nought _s
nouns	n	noun _s
nourished	v	nourish _ed
nourishes	v	nourish _es
nourishing	v	nourish _ing
nourishment	a	noure _ish _ment
nourishment	n	noure _ish _ment
novae	n	nova _e
novas	n	nova _s
novelettes	n	novelette _s
novelist	a	novel _ist
novelist	n	novel _ist
novelist	v	novel _ist
novelists	n	novel _ist _s
novelizations	n	novelization _s
novelized	v	novelize _ed
novellas	n	novella _s
novels	n	novel _s
novenas	n	novena _s
novices	n	novice _s
novitiates	n	novitiate _s
nozzles	n	nozzle _s
nuances	n	nuance _s
nubbins	n	nubbin _s
nubs	n	nub _s
nucleated	v	nucleate _ed
nucleons	n	nucleon _s
nuder	a	nude _r
nudes	n	nude _s
nudged	v	nudge _ed
nudges	n	nudge _s
nudges	v	nudge _es
nudist	a	nude _ism _ist
nudist	n	nude _ism _ist
nudists	n	nude _ism _ist _s
nudity	n	nude _ity
nudity	v	nude _ity
nuggets	n	nugget _s
nuisances	n	nuisance _s
nuked	v	nuke _ed
nukes	n	nuke _s
nukes	v	nuke _es
nullifying	v	nullify _ing
nullity	n	null _ity
nulls	n	null _s
numbed	v	numb _ed
numbered	v	number _ed
numbering	v	number _ing
numberless	a	number _less
numberless	n	number _less
numberless	r	number _less
numbers	n	number _s
numbing	v	numb _ing
numbly	r	numb _ly
numbness	a	numb _ness
numbness	n	numb _ness
numbness	o	numb _ness
numbness	r	numb _ness
numbs	v	numb _es
numerable	a	number _able
numerals	n	numeral _s
numeration	n	numerate _ion
numerators	n	numerator _s
numerically	r	numeric _al _ly
numerologists	n	numerologist _s
numerous	a	number _ous
numerously	r	number _ous _ly
numismatists	n	numismatist _s
nuncios	n	nuncio _s
nuns	n	nun _s
nursed	v	nurse _ed
nursemaids	n	nursemaid _s
nursers	n	nurser _s
nurses	n	nurse _s
nurses	v	nurse _es
nurtured	v	nurture _ed
nurtures	n	nurture _s
nurtures	v	nurture _es
nus	n	nu _s
nutcases	n	nutcase _s
nutcrackers	n	nutcracker _s
nuthatches	n	nuthatch _s
nuthouses	n	nuthouse _s
nutmegs	n	nutmeg _s
nutrients	n	nutrient _s
nutriments	n	nutriment _s
nutritionists	n	nutritionist _s
nuts	n	nut _s
nuts	v	nut _es
nutshells	n	nutshell _s
nutted	v	nut _ed
nutters	n	nutter _s
nuttiness	n	nut _y _ness
nutting	v	nut _ing
nutty	a	nut _y
nutty	n	nut _y
nutty	o	nut _y
nutty	r	nut _y
nutty	v	nut _y
nuzzled	v	nuzzle _ed
nuzzles	v	nuzzle _es
nylons	n	nylon _s
nymphets	n	nymphet _s
nymphomaniacs	n	nymphomaniac _s
nymphs	n	nymph _s
oafs	n	oaf _s
oaks	n	oak _s
oars	n	oar _s
oatcakes	n	oatcake _s
oaths	n	oath _s
oats	n	oat _s
obbligatos	n	obbligato _s
obediently	r	obedient _ly
obeisances	n	obeisance _s
obelisks	n	obelisk _s
obesity	a	obese _ity
obesity	n	obese _ity
obeyed	v	obey _ed
obeying	v	obey _ing
obeys	v	obey _es
obfuscated	v	obfuscate _ed
obfuscates	v	obfuscate _es
obfuscations	n	obfuscation _s
obits	n	obit _s
objected	v	object _ed
objectifying	v	objectify _ing
objecting	v	object _ing
objection	n	object _ion
objections	n	object _ion _s
objectively	r	objective _ly
objectives	n	objective _s
objectivity	n	object _ive _ity
objectivity	v	object _ive _ity
objectors	n	objector _s
objects	n	object _s
objects	v	object _es
oblations	n	oblation _s
obligated	v	obligate _ed
obligates	v	obligate _es
obligations	n	obligation _s
obliged	v	oblige _ed
obliges	v	oblige _es
obligingly	r	oblige _ing _ly
obliquely	r	oblique _ly
obliques	n	oblique _s
obliquity	n	oblique _ity
obliterated	v	obliterate _ed
obliterates	v	obliterate _es
oblivious	a	oblivion _ous
oblivious	n	oblivion _ous
obliviously	r	oblivion _ous _ly
oblongs	n	oblong _s
obnoxiously	r	obnoxious _ly
oboes	n	oboe _s
oboists	n	oboist _s
obs	n	ob _s
obscenely	r	obscene _ly
obscenity	a	obscene _ity
obscenity	n	obscene _ity
obscurantist	a	obscurant _ism _ist
obscurantist	n	obscurant _ism _ist
obscured	v	obscure _ed
obscurely	a	obscure _ly
obscurely	r	obscure _ly
obscurer	a	obscure _r
obscures	v	obscure _es
obscurity	n	obscure _ity
obscurity	v	obscure _ity
obsequiously	r	obsequious _ly
obsequiousness	n	obsequious _ness
observable	a	observe _able
observable	n	observe _able
observable	v	observe _able
observably	r	observe _able _ly
observances	n	observance _s
observations	n	observation _s
observed	v	observe _ed
observer	a	observe _er
observer	n	observe _er
observer	o	observe _er
observer	r	observe _er
observer	v	observe _er
observers	n	observe _er _s
observes	v	observe _es
obsess	n	ob _s
obsessed	v	obsess _ed
obsesses	n	ob _s
obsesses	v	obsess _es
obsessing	v	obsess _ing
obsessional	a	obsess _ion _al
obsessional	n	obsess _ion _al
obsessions	n	obsession _s
obsessives	n	obsessive _s
obstacles	n	obstacle _s
obstetrical	a	obstetrics _al
obstetricians	n	obstetrician _s
obstinately	a	obstinate _ly
obstinately	r	obstinate _ly
obstructed	v	obstruct _ed
obstructing	v	obstruct _ing
obstructionist	a	obstruction _ism _ist
obstructionist	n	obstruction _ism _ist
obstructionists	n	obstruction _ism _ist _s
obstructions	n	obstruction _s
obstructs	v	obstruct _es
obtainable	a	obtain _able
obtainable	n	obtain _able
obtainable	v	obtain _able
obtained	v	obtain _ed
obtaining	v	obtain _ing
obtains	v	obtain _es
obtruded	v	obtrude _ed
obtrudes	v	obtrude _es
obtrusively	r	obtrusion _ive _ly
obtuseness	n	obtuse _ness
obviated	v	obviate _ed
obviates	v	obviate _es
obviously	a	obvious _ly
obviously	o	obvious _ly
obviously	r	obvious _ly
obviously	v	obvious _ly
obviousness	a	obvious _ness
obviousness	n	obvious _ness
ocarinas	n	ocarina _s
occasional	a	occasion _al
occasional	n	occasion _al
occasional	v	occasion _al
occasionally	r	occasion _al _ly
occasionally	v	occasion _al _ly
occasioned	v	occasion _ed
occasioning	v	occasion _ing
occasions	n	occasion _s
occasions	v	occasion _es
occidentals	n	occidental _s
occluded	v	occlude _ed
occludes	v	occlude _es
occlusions	n	occlusion _s
occultists	n	occultist _s
occupants	n	occupant _s
occupational	a	occupy _ion _al
occupational	n	occupy _ion _al
occupational	v	occupy _ion _al
occupationally	r	occupy _ion _al _ly
occupations	n	occupation _s
occupier	a	occupy _er
occupier	n	occupy _er
occupier	o	occupy _er
occupiers	n	occupy _er _s
occupying	v	occupy _ing
occurred	v	occur _ed
occurrences	n	occurrence _s
occurring	v	occur _ing
occurs	v	occur _es
oceanic	a	ocean _ic
oceanic	n	ocean _ic
oceanic	v	ocean _ic
oceanographers	n	oceanographer _s
oceans	n	ocean _s
ocelots	n	ocelot _s
octagonal	a	octagon _al
octagons	n	octagon _s
octanes	n	octane _s
octaves	n	octave _s
octets	n	octet _s
octogenarians	n	octogenarian _s
octopuses	n	octopus _s
oculars	n	ocular _s
oculists	n	oculist _s
oddballs	n	oddball _s
odder	a	odd _er
oddest	a	odd _est
oddity	n	odd _ity
oddly	r	odd _ly
oddments	n	oddment _s
odes	n	ode _s
odometers	n	odometer _s
odorous	a	odour _ous
odourless	a	odour _less
odourless	n	odour _less
odourless	r	odour _less
odourless	v	odour _less
odours	n	odour _s
odysseys	n	odyssey _s
oenophiles	n	oenophile _s
oeuvres	n	oeuvre _s
offbeats	n	offbeat _s
offed	v	off _ed
offences	n	offence _s
offended	v	offend _ed
offender	a	offend _er
offender	n	offend _er
offenders	n	offend _er _s
offending	v	offend _ing
offends	v	offend _es
offensively	r	offence _ive _ly
offensiveness	n	offense _ive _ness
offensives	n	offensive _s
offered	v	offer _ed
offering	v	offer _ing
offerings	n	offering _s
offerings	v	offer _es
offers	n	offer _s
offers	v	offer _es
officeholders	n	officeholder _s
officers	n	officer _s
officers	v	officer _es
offices	n	office _s
officially	r	office _al _ly
officials	n	official _s
officiants	n	officiant _s
officiated	v	officiate _ed
officiates	v	officiate _es
officious	a	office _ous
officiously	r	office _ous _ly
offing	v	off _ing
offloaded	v	offload _ed
offloading	v	offload _ing
offloads	v	offload _es
offprints	n	offprint _s
offs	v	off _es
offsets	n	offset _s
offsets	v	offset _es
offsetting	v	offset _ing
offshoots	n	offshoot _s
ogled	v	ogle _ed
oglers	n	ogler _s
ogles	v	ogle _es
ogres	n	ogre _s
ohmmeters	n	ohmmeter _s
ohms	n	ohm _s
ohs	n	oh _s
oilcloths	n	oilcloth _s
oiled	v	oil _ed
oilfields	n	oilfield _s
oiliness	n	oil _y _ness
oiling	v	oil _ing
oils	n	oil _s
oils	v	oil _es
oilskins	n	oilskin _s
oily	a	oil _y
oily	n	oil _y
oily	r	oil _y
oinked	v	oink _ed
oinking	v	oink _ing
oinks	n	oink _s
ointments	n	ointment _s
okapis	n	okapi _s
okayed	v	okay _ed
okaying	v	okay _ing
okays	n	okay _s
okays	v	okay _es
older	a	old _er
oldest	a	old _est
oldies	n	oldie _s
oldsters	n	oldster _s
oleanders	n	oleander _s
oligarchs	n	oligarch _s
olives	n	olive _s
omegas	n	omega _s
omelettes	n	omelette _s
omens	n	omen _s
omens	v	omen _es
ominously	r	ominous _ly
omission	n	omit _ion
omission	v	omit _ion
omissions	n	omit _ion _s
omits	v	omit _es
omitted	v	omit _ed
omitting	v	omit _ing
omnibuses	n	omnibus _s
omnivores	n	omnivore _s
oncogenes	n	oncogene _s
oncologists	n	oncologist _s
ones	n	one _s
onions	n	onion _s
onlookers	n	onlooker _s
onsets	n	onset _s
onslaughts	n	onslaught _s
oohed	v	ooh _ed
oohing	v	ooh _ing
oohs	v	ooh _es
oozed	v	ooze _ed
oozes	n	ooze _s
oozes	v	ooze _es
oozy	n	ooze _y
opacity	n	opaque _ity
opals	n	opal _s
opened	v	open _ed
opener	a	open _er
opener	n	open _er
opener	o	open _er
opener	r	open _er
opener	v	open _er
openers	n	open _er _s
openest	a	open _est
opening	v	open _ing
openings	n	opening _s
openings	v	open _es
openly	a	open _ly
openly	r	open _ly
openness	a	open _ness
openness	n	open _ness
openness	o	open _ness
openness	r	open _ness
openness	v	open _ness
opens	n	open _s
opens	v	open _es
operable	a	operate _able
operas	n	opera _s
operated	v	operate _ed
operates	v	operate _es
operatic	a	opera _ic
operation	n	operate _ion
operational	a	operate _ion _al
operational	n	operate _ion _al
operational	o	operate _ion _al
operational	v	operate _ion _al
operationally	r	operate _ion _al _ly
operations	n	operate _ion _s
operatives	n	operative _s
operators	n	operator _s
operettas	n	operetta _s
ophthalmologist	n	ophthalmology _ist
ophthalmologists	n	ophthalmology _ist _s
opiates	n	opiate _s
opined	v	opine _ed
opines	v	opine _es
opinions	n	opinion _s
opossums	n	opossum _s
opponents	n	opponent _s
opportunely	r	opportune _ly
opportunist	a	opportuny _ism _ist
opportunist	n	opportuny _ism _ist
opportunist	r	opportuny _ism _ist
opportunists	n	opportuny _ism _ist _s
opportunity	n	opportune _ity
opposed	v	oppose _ed
opposes	v	oppose _es
opposites	n	opposite _s
oppositions	n	opposition _s
oppressed	v	oppress _ed
oppresses	v	oppress _es
oppressing	v	oppress _ing
oppression	n	oppress _ion
oppressively	a	oppress _ive _ly
oppressively	r	oppress _ive _ly
oppressiveness	n	oppress _ive _ness
oppressors	n	oppressor _s
opted	v	opt _ed
optical	a	optics _al
optical	n	optics _al
optically	r	optic _ics _al _ly
opticians	n	optician _s
optics	n	optic _s
optimisms	n	optimism _s
optimist	a	optimum _ism _ist
optimist	n	optimum _ism _ist
optimistic	a	optimism _ist _ic
optimists	n	optimum _ism _ist _s
optimizations	n	optimization _s
optimized	v	optimize _ed
optimizes	v	optimize _es
opting	v	opt _ing
optional	a	option _al
optional	n	option _al
optionally	r	opt _ion _al _ly
options	n	option _s
optometrists	n	optometrist _s
opts	v	opt _es
opulently	r	opulent _ly
opuses	n	opus _s
oracles	n	oracle _s
orally	r	oral _ly
orals	n	oral _s
oranges	n	orange _s
orangutans	n	orangutan _s
orated	v	orate _ed
orates	v	orate _es
orations	n	oration _s
oratorios	n	oratorio _s
orators	n	orator _s
orbital	a	orbit _al
orbital	n	orbit _al
orbited	v	orbit _ed
orbiters	n	orbiter _s
orbiting	v	orbit _ing
orbits	n	orbit _s
orbits	v	orbit _es
orbs	n	orb _s
orbs	v	orb _es
orchards	n	orchard _s
orchestral	a	orchestra _al
orchestral	n	orchestra _al
orchestras	n	orchestra _s
orchestrated	v	orchestrate _ed
orchestrates	v	orchestrate _es
orchestration	n	orchestrate _ion
orchestrations	n	orchestrate _ion _s
orchids	n	orchid _s
ordained	v	ordain _ed
ordaining	v	ordain _ing
ordains	v	ordain _es
ordeals	n	ordeal _s
ordered	v	order _ed
ordering	v	order _ing
orderings	n	ordering _s
orderliness	n	order _ly _ness
orders	n	order _s
orders	v	order _es
ordinals	n	ordinal _s
ordinances	n	ordinance _s
ordinarily	a	ordinary _ly
ordinarily	r	ordinary _ly
ordinariness	a	ordinary _ness
ordinariness	n	ordinary _ness
ordinariness	v	ordinary _ness
ordinates	n	ordinate _s
ordinates	v	ordinate _es
ordinations	n	ordination _s
ores	n	ore _s
organelles	n	organelle _s
organic	a	organ _ic
organic	n	organ _ic
organic	o	organ _ic
organic	r	organ _ic
organic	v	organ _ic
organics	n	organ _ic _s
organisms	n	organism _s
organist	a	organ _ist
organist	n	organ _ist
organists	n	organ _ist _s
organizational	a	organization _al
organizational	n	organization _al
organizationally	r	organization _al _ly
organizations	n	organization _s
organized	v	organize _ed
organizer	a	organize _er
organizer	n	organize _er
organizer	v	organize _er
organizers	n	organize _er _s
organizes	v	organize _es
organs	n	organ _s
orgasmic	a	orgasm _ic
orgasms	n	orgasm _s
orgiastic	a	orgy _ic
oriels	n	oriel _s
orientalists	n	orientalist _s
orientals	n	oriental _s
orientated	v	orientate _ed
orientates	v	orientate _es
orientations	n	orientation _s
oriented	v	orient _ed
orienting	v	orient _ing
orients	n	orient _s
orients	v	orient _es
orifices	n	orifice _s
original	a	origin _al
original	n	origin _al
original	v	origin _al
originality	n	origin _al _ity
originality	v	origin _al _ity
originally	a	origin _al _ly
originally	r	origin _al _ly
originals	n	origin _al _s
originated	v	originate _ed
originates	v	originate _es
originators	n	originator _s
origins	n	origin _s
orioles	n	oriole _s
orisons	n	orison _s
ornamental	a	ornament _al
ornamental	n	ornament _al
ornamental	o	ornament _al
ornamented	v	ornament _ed
ornamenting	v	ornament _ing
ornaments	n	ornament _s
ornaments	v	ornament _es
ornately	r	ornate _ly
ornithologist	a	ornithology _ist
ornithologist	n	ornithology _ist
ornithologists	n	ornithology _ist _s
orphanages	n	orphanage _s
orphaned	v	orphan _ed
orphaning	v	orphan _ing
orphans	n	orphan _s
orphans	v	orphan _es
orthodontists	n	orthodontist _s
orthographic	a	orthography _ic
orthographically	r	orthography _ic _al _ly
orthopaedists	n	orthopaedist _s
oscillated	v	oscillate _ed
oscillates	v	oscillate _es
oscillations	n	oscillation _s
oscillators	n	oscillator _s
oscilloscopes	n	oscilloscope _s
osiers	n	osier _s
ospreys	n	osprey _s
ossifying	v	ossify _ing
ostensibly	r	ostensive _ible _ly
ostentatious	a	ostentation _ous
ostentatiously	r	ostentation _ous _ly
osteopaths	n	osteopath _s
ostlers	n	ostler _s
ostracize	v	ostracism _ize
ostracized	v	ostracism _ize _ed
ostracizes	v	ostracism _ize _es
ostriches	n	ostrich _s
otters	n	otter _s
ottomans	n	ottoman _s
oubliettes	n	oubliette _s
ounces	n	ounce _s
ousted	v	oust _ed
ousters	n	ouster _s
ousting	v	oust _ing
ousts	v	oust _es
outages	n	outage _s
outbacks	n	outback _s
outbidding	v	outbid _ing
outbids	v	outbid _es
outboards	n	outboard _s
outbreaks	n	outbreak _s
outbuildings	n	outbuilding _s
outbursts	n	outburst _s
outcasts	n	outcast _s
outclassed	v	outclass _ed
outclasses	v	outclass _es
outclassing	v	outclass _ing
outcomes	n	outcome _s
outcropping	v	outcrop _ing
outcroppings	n	outcropping _s
outcrops	n	outcrop _s
outcrops	v	outcrop _es
outdistanced	v	outdistance _ed
outdistances	v	outdistance _es
outdoes	v	outdo _es
outdoing	v	outdo _ing
outdone	v	outdo _ne
outdrawing	v	outdraw _ing
outdrawn	v	outdraw _n
outdraws	v	outdraw _es
outed	v	out _ed
outer	a	out _er
outer	n	out _er
outer	r	out _er
outer	v	out _er
outfaced	v	outface _ed
outfalls	n	outfall _s
outfielders	n	outfielder _s
outfields	n	outfield _s
outfits	n	outfit _s
outfits	v	outfit _es
outfitted	v	outfit _ed
outfitter	n	outfit _er
outfitters	n	outfit _er _s
outfitting	v	outfit _ing
outflanked	v	outflank _ed
outflanking	v	outflank _ing
outflanks	v	outflank _es
outflows	n	outflow _s
outfoxed	v	outfox _ed
outfoxing	v	outfox _ing
outgoings	n	outgoing _s
outgrowing	v	outgrow _ing
outgrown	v	outgrow _n
outgrows	v	outgrow _es
outgrowths	n	outgrowth _s
outguessed	v	outguess _ed
outhouses	n	outhouse _s
outing	v	out _ing
outings	n	outing _s
outings	v	out _es
outlandishly	a	out_ land _ish _ly
outlandishly	n	out_ land _ish _ly
outlasted	v	outlast _ed
outlasting	v	outlast _ing
outlasts	v	outlast _es
outlawed	v	outlaw _ed
outlawing	v	outlaw _ing
outlaws	n	outlaw _s
outlaws	v	outlaw _es
outlays	n	outlay _s
outlets	n	outlet _s
outliers	n	outlier _s
outlined	v	outline _ed
outlines	n	outline _s
outlines	v	outline _es
outlived	v	outlive _ed
outlives	v	outlive _es
outlooks	n	outlook _s
outmanoeuvred	v	outmanoeuvre _ed
outmanoeuvres	v	outmanoeuvre _es
outmatched	v	outmatch _ed
outmatches	v	outmatch _es
outmoded	v	outmode _ed
outnumbered	v	outnumber _ed
outnumbering	v	outnumber _ing
outnumbers	v	outnumber _es
outpaced	v	outpace _ed
outpaces	v	outpace _es
outpatients	n	outpatient _s
outperformed	v	outperform _ed
outperforming	v	outperform _ing
outperforms	v	outperform _es
outplayed	v	outplay _ed
outplaying	v	outplay _ing
outplays	v	outplay _es
outpointed	v	outpoint _ed
outpointing	v	outpoint _ing
outpoints	v	outpoint _es
outposts	n	outpost _s
outpourings	n	outpouring _s
outputs	n	output _s
outputs	v	output _es
outputted	v	output _ed
outputting	v	output _ing
outraged	v	outrage _ed
outrageous	a	outrage _ous
outrageously	r	outrage _ous _ly
outrages	n	outrage _s
outrages	v	outrage _es
outranked	v	outrank _ed
outranking	v	outrank _ing
outranks	v	outrank _es
outreaches	n	outreach _s
outriders	n	outrider _s
outriggers	n	outrigger _s
outrunning	v	outrun _ing
outruns	v	outrun _es
outs	n	out _s
outs	v	out _es
outscored	v	outscore _ed
outscores	v	outscore _es
outselling	v	outsell _ing
outsells	v	outsell _es
outshines	v	outshine _es
outshouted	v	outshout _ed
outsiders	n	outsider _s
outsides	n	outside _s
outskirts	n	outskirt _s
outsmarted	v	outsmart _ed
outsmarting	v	outsmart _ing
outsmarts	v	outsmart _es
outsourced	v	outsource _ed
outsources	v	outsource _es
outspokenly	r	outspoken _ly
outspokenness	n	outspoken _ness
outstandingly	r	outstand _ing _ly
outstations	n	outstation _s
outstayed	v	outstay _ed
outstaying	v	outstay _ing
outstays	v	outstay _es
outstripped	v	outstrip _ed
outstripping	v	outstrip _ing
outstrips	v	outstrip _es
outtakes	n	outtake _s
outvoted	v	outvote _ed
outwardly	a	outward _ly
outwardly	r	outward _ly
outweighed	v	outweigh _ed
outweighing	v	outweigh _ing
outweighs	v	outweigh _es
outwits	v	outwit _es
outwitted	v	outwit _ed
outwitting	v	outwit _ing
outworker	n	outwork _er
outworks	n	outwork _s
ouzos	n	ouzo _s
ovals	n	oval _s
ovations	n	ovation _s
ovens	n	oven _s
overachieved	v	overachieve _ed
overachievers	n	overachiever _s
overachieves	v	overachieve _es
overacted	v	overact _ed
overacting	v	overact _ing
overacts	v	overact _es
overages	n	overage _s
overalls	n	overall _s
overarching	v	overarch _ing
overawed	v	overawe _ed
overbalanced	v	overbalance _ed
overbalances	v	overbalance _es
overbearing	v	overbear _ing
overbears	v	overbear _es
overbidding	v	overbid _ing
overbids	n	overbid _s
overbids	v	overbid _es
overburdened	v	overburden _ed
overburdening	v	overburden _ing
overburdens	v	overburden _es
overcharged	v	overcharge _ed
overcharges	n	overcharge _s
overcharges	v	overcharge _es
overcoats	n	overcoat _s
overcomes	v	overcome _es
overcompensated	v	overcompensate _ed
overcompensates	v	overcompensate _es
overcompensation	n	over_ compensate _ion
overcooked	v	overcook _ed
overcooking	v	overcook _ing
overcooks	v	overcook _es
overcrowded	v	overcrowd _ed
overcrowding	v	overcrowd _ing
overdoes	v	overdo _es
overdoing	v	overdo _ing
overdone	v	overdo _ne
overdosed	v	overdose _ed
overdoses	v	overdose _es
overdrafts	n	overdraft _s
overdrawing	v	overdraw _ing
overdrawn	v	overdraw _n
overdressed	v	overdress _ed
overdressing	v	overdress _ing
overeating	v	overeat _ing
overeats	v	overeat _es
overemphasized	v	overemphasize _ed
overemphasizes	v	overemphasize _es
overestimated	v	overestimate _ed
overestimates	n	overestimate _s
overestimates	v	overestimate _es
overexerted	v	overexert _ed
overexerting	v	overexert _ing
overexposed	v	overexpose _ed
overextended	v	overextend _ed
overextending	v	overextend _ing
overextends	v	overextend _es
overfeeding	v	overfeed _ing
overfilled	v	overfill _ed
overfilling	v	overfill _ing
overflights	n	overflight _s
overflowed	v	overflow _ed
overflowing	v	overflow _ing
overflows	n	overflow _s
overflows	v	overflow _es
overflying	v	overfly _ing
overgeneralized	v	overgeneralize _ed
overgrowing	v	overgrow _ing
overgrown	v	overgrow _n
overhanging	v	overhang _ing
overhangs	n	overhang _s
overhangs	v	overhang _es
overhauled	v	overhaul _ed
overhauling	v	overhaul _ing
overhauls	n	overhaul _s
overhauls	v	overhaul _es
overheads	n	overhead _s
overheard	v	overhear _ed
overhearing	v	overhear _ing
overhears	v	overhear _es
overheated	v	overheat _ed
overheating	v	overheat _ing
overheats	v	overheat _es
overindulged	v	overindulge _ed
overjoyed	v	overjoy _ed
overlapped	v	overlap _ed
overlapping	v	overlap _ing
overlaps	n	overlap _s
overlaps	v	overlap _es
overlaying	v	overlay _ing
overlays	n	overlay _s
overlays	v	overlay _es
overlies	v	overlie _es
overloaded	v	overload _ed
overloading	v	overload _ing
overloads	n	overload _s
overloads	v	overload _es
overlooked	v	overlook _ed
overlooking	v	overlook _ing
overlooks	n	overlook _s
overlooks	v	overlook _es
overlords	n	overlord _s
overly	a	over _ly
overly	r	over _ly
overmastering	v	overmaster _ing
overpasses	n	overpass _s
overpaying	v	overpay _ing
overpays	v	overpay _es
overplayed	v	overplay _ed
overplaying	v	overplay _ing
overplays	v	overplay _es
overpopulated	v	overpopulate _ed
overpowered	v	overpower _ed
overpowering	v	overpower _ing
overpowers	v	overpower _es
overpraised	v	overpraise _ed
overpraises	v	overpraise _es
overpriced	v	overprice _ed
overprinted	v	overprint _ed
overprinting	v	overprint _ing
overprints	n	overprint _s
overproduced	v	overproduce _ed
overproduces	v	overproduce _es
overprotected	v	overprotect _ed
overprotecting	v	overprotect _ing
overrated	v	overrate _ed
overreached	v	overreach _ed
overreaches	v	overreach _es
overreaching	v	overreach _ing
overreacted	v	overreact _ed
overreacting	v	overreact _ing
overreactions	n	overreaction _s
overreacts	v	overreact _es
overrides	n	override _s
overrides	v	override _es
overruled	v	overrule _ed
overrules	v	overrule _es
overrunning	v	overrun _ing
overruns	n	overrun _s
overruns	v	overrun _es
overs	n	over _s
overseeing	v	oversee _ing
overseen	v	oversee _n
overseer	n	oversee _er
overseer	r	oversee _er
overseer	v	oversee _er
overseers	n	oversee _er _s
oversees	v	oversee _es
overshadowed	v	overshadow _ed
overshadowing	v	overshadow _ing
overshadows	v	overshadow _es
overshoes	n	overshoe _s
overshooting	v	overshoot _ing
overshoots	n	overshoot _s
overshoots	v	overshoot _es
oversights	n	oversight _s
oversimplifications	n	oversimplification _s
oversimplifying	v	oversimplify _ing
oversleeping	v	oversleep _ing
overspending	v	overspend _ing
overspends	v	overspend _es
overspreading	v	overspread _ing
overspreads	v	overspread _es
overstated	v	overstate _ed
overstatement	a	overstate _ment
overstatement	n	overstate _ment
overstatements	n	overstate _ment _s
overstates	v	overstate _es
overstayed	v	overstay _ed
overstaying	v	overstay _ing
overstays	v	overstay _es
overstepped	v	overstep _ed
overstepping	v	overstep _ing
oversteps	v	overstep _es
overstocked	v	overstock _ed
overstocking	v	overstock _ing
overstretched	v	overstretch _ed
overstretches	v	overstretch _es
overstretching	v	overstretch _ing
overstuffed	v	overstuff _ed
oversupplying	v	oversupply _ing
overtaken	v	overtake _n
overtakes	v	overtake _es
overtaxed	v	overtax _ed
overtaxing	v	overtax _ing
overthrowing	v	overthrow _ing
overthrown	v	overthrow _n
overthrows	n	overthrow _s
overthrows	v	overthrow _es
overtimes	n	overtime _s
overtired	v	overtire _ed
overtly	a	overt _ly
overtly	r	overt _ly
overtones	n	overtone _s
overtures	n	overture _s
overturned	v	overturn _ed
overturning	v	overturn _ing
overturns	n	overturn _s
overturns	v	overturn _es
overused	v	overuse _ed
overuses	v	overuse _es
overvaluations	n	overvaluation _s
overvalued	v	overvalue _ed
overvalues	v	overvalue _es
overviews	n	overview _s
overwhelmed	v	overwhelm _ed
overwhelming	v	overwhelm _ing
overwhelmingly	r	overwhelmi _ng _ly
overwhelms	v	overwhelm _es
overwintered	v	overwinter _ed
overwintering	v	overwinter _ing
overwinters	v	overwinter _es
overworked	v	overwork _ed
overworking	v	overwork _ing
overworks	n	overwork _s
overworks	v	overwork _es
overwrites	v	overwrite _es
oviducts	n	oviduct _s
ovoids	n	ovoid _s
ovulated	v	ovulate _ed
ovulates	v	ovulate _es
ovules	n	ovule _s
owed	v	owe _ed
owes	v	owe _es
owlets	n	owlet _s
owls	n	owl _s
owned	v	own _ed
owner	n	own _er
owners	n	own _er _s
owning	v	own _ing
owns	v	own _es
oxcarts	n	oxcart _s
oxen	n	ox _en
oxfords	n	oxford _s
oxidants	n	oxidant _s
oxides	n	oxide _s
oxidize	v	oxide _ize
oxidized	v	oxide _ize _ed
oxidizers	n	oxidizer _s
oxidizes	v	oxide _ize _es
oxtails	n	oxtail _s
oxygenated	v	oxygenate _ed
oxygenates	v	oxygenate _es
oysters	n	oyster _s
oysters	v	oyster _es
paced	v	pace _ed
pacemakers	n	pacemaker _s
pacers	n	pacer _s
paces	n	pace _s
paces	v	pace _es
pacesetters	n	pacesetter _s
pachyderms	n	pachyderm _s
pacifier	n	pacify _er
pacifiers	n	pacify _er _s
pacifist	a	pacifism _ist
pacifist	n	pacifism _ist
pacifist	v	pacifism _ist
pacifists	n	pacifism _ist _s
pacifying	v	pacify _ing
packaged	v	package _ed
packages	n	package _s
packages	v	package _es
packed	v	pack _ed
packer	n	pack _er
packers	n	pack _er _s
packets	n	packet _s
packing	v	pack _ing
packs	n	pack _s
packs	v	pack _es
pacts	n	pact _s
padded	v	pad _ed
padding	v	pad _ing
paddled	v	paddle _ed
paddlers	n	paddler _s
paddles	n	paddle _s
paddles	v	paddle _es
paddocks	n	paddock _s
padlocked	v	padlock _ed
padlocking	v	padlock _ing
padlocks	n	padlock _s
padlocks	v	padlock _es
padres	n	padre _s
pads	n	pad _s
pads	v	pad _es
paeans	n	paean _s
paellas	n	paella _s
pagans	n	pagan _s
pageants	n	pageant _s
pageboys	n	pageboy _s
paged	v	page _ed
pagers	n	pager _s
pages	n	page _s
pages	v	page _es
paginates	v	paginate _es
pagination	n	paginate _ion
pagodas	n	pagoda _s
pails	n	pail _s
pained	v	pain _ed
painful	a	pain _ful
painful	n	pain _ful
painful	v	pain _ful
painfully	r	pain _ful _ly
painfulness	n	pain _ful _ness
paining	v	pain _ing
painkillers	n	painkiller _s
painless	a	pain _less
painless	n	pain _less
painless	v	pain _less
painlessly	r	pain _less _ly
pains	n	pain _s
pains	v	pain _es
painstakingly	r	painstaking _ly
painstakingly	v	painstaking _ly
paintboxes	n	paintbox _s
paintbrushes	n	paintbrush _s
painted	v	paint _ed
painter	a	paint _er
painter	n	paint _er
painter	r	paint _er
painters	n	paint _er _s
painting	v	paint _ing
paintings	n	painting _s
paintings	v	paint _es
paints	n	paint _s
paints	v	paint _es
paired	v	pair _ed
pairing	v	pair _ing
pairings	n	pairing _s
pairings	v	pair _es
pairs	n	pair _s
pairs	v	pair _es
paisleys	n	paisley _s
palaces	n	palace _s
paladins	n	paladin _s
palanquins	n	palanquin _s
palatal	a	palate _al
palatal	n	palate _al
palates	n	palate _s
palatines	n	palatine _s
palavering	v	palaver _ing
paled	v	pale _ed
palefaces	n	paleface _s
palely	r	pale _ly
paleness	a	pale _ness
paleness	n	pale _ness
paleontologists	n	paleontologist _s
paler	a	pale _r
pales	n	pale _s
pales	v	pal _es
palest	a	pale _st
palettes	n	palette _s
palfreys	n	palfrey _s
palimpsests	n	palimpsest _s
palindromes	n	palindrome _s
paling	v	pal _ing
palings	n	paling _s
palisades	n	palisade _s
pallbearers	n	pallbearer _s
palled	v	pal _ed
pallets	n	pallet _s
palliated	v	palliate _ed
palliates	v	palliate _es
palliation	n	pallium _ate _ion
palliatives	n	palliative _s
palling	v	pal _ing
palls	n	pall _s
pally	r	pall _y
palmed	v	palm _ed
palmettos	n	palmetto _s
palming	v	palm _ing
palmist	n	palm _ist
palmists	n	palm _ist _s
palms	n	palm _s
palms	v	palm _es
palmy	a	palm _y
palmy	n	palm _y
palominos	n	palomino _s
palpably	r	palpable _ly
palpated	v	palpate _ed
palpates	v	palpate _es
palpitated	v	palpitate _ed
palpitations	n	palpitate _ion _s
pals	n	pal _s
pals	v	pal _es
pampered	v	pamper _ed
pampering	v	pamper _ing
pampers	v	pamper _es
pamphleteers	n	pamphleteer _s
pamphlets	n	pamphlet _s
panaceas	n	panacea _s
panamas	n	panama _s
pancakes	n	pancake _s
pancreases	n	pancreas _s
pandas	n	panda _s
pandemics	n	pandemic _s
pandered	v	pander _ed
panderers	n	panderer _s
pandering	v	pander _ing
panders	n	pander _s
panders	v	pander _es
panegyrics	n	panegyric _s
panelled	v	panel _ed
panelling	v	panel _ing
panellings	n	panelling _s
panellist	n	panel _ist
panellist	v	panel _ist
panellists	n	panel _ist _s
panels	n	panel _s
panels	v	panel _es
panes	n	pane _s
panes	v	pan _es
pangs	n	pang _s
panhandled	v	panhandle _ed
panhandlers	n	panhandle _er _s
panhandles	n	panhandle _s
panicked	v	panic _ed
panicking	v	panic _ing
panicky	a	panic _y
panicky	n	panic _y
panics	n	panic _s
panics	v	panic _es
panned	v	pan _ed
panniers	n	pannier _s
panning	v	pan _ing
panoramas	n	panorama _s
panoramic	a	panorama _ic
panoramic	n	panorama _ic
panoramic	v	panorama _ic
panpipes	n	panpipe _s
pans	n	pan _s
pans	v	pan _es
pantaloons	n	pantaloon _s
pantechnicons	n	pantechnicon _s
panted	v	pant _ed
pantheistic	a	pantheism _ist _ic
pantheons	n	pantheon _s
panthers	n	panther _s
panting	v	pant _ing
pantomimed	v	pantomime _ed
pantomimes	n	pantomime _s
pantomimes	v	pantomime _es
pantos	n	panto _s
pants	n	pant _s
pants	v	pant _es
pantsuits	n	pantsuit _s
pantywaists	n	pantywaist _s
papas	n	papa _s
papayas	n	papaya _s
paperbacks	n	paperback _s
paperclips	n	paperclip _s
papered	v	paper _ed
papering	v	paper _ing
papers	n	paper _s
papers	v	paper _es
paperweights	n	paperweight _s
papery	a	paper _y
papery	n	paper _y
papillae	n	papilla _e
papist	a	pope _ist
papist	n	pope _ist
papists	n	pope _ist _s
papooses	n	papoose _s
paps	n	pap _s
parables	n	parable _s
parabolas	n	parabola _s
parabolic	a	parabola _ic
parabolic	n	parabola _ic
parachuted	v	parachute _ed
parachutes	n	parachute _s
parachutes	v	parachute _es
parachutists	n	parachutist _s
paraded	v	parade _ed
paraders	n	parader _s
parades	n	parade _s
parades	v	parade _es
paradigms	n	paradigm _s
paradises	n	paradise _s
paradoxes	n	paradox _s
paradoxically	n	paradox _ic _al _ly
paradoxically	r	paradox _ic _al _ly
paragons	n	paragon _s
paragraphing	v	paragraph _ing
paragraphs	n	paragraph _s
paragraphs	v	paragraph _es
parakeets	n	parakeet _s
paralegals	n	paralegal _s
parallaxes	n	parallax _s
paralleled	v	parallel _ed
paralleling	v	parallel _ing
parallelisms	n	parallelism _s
parallelograms	n	parallelogram _s
parallels	n	parallel _s
parallels	v	parallel _es
paralyses	v	paralyse _es
paralytic	a	paralysis _ic
paralytic	n	paralysis _ic
paralytics	n	paralysis _ic _s
paralyzed	v	paralyze _ed
paralyzes	v	paralyze _es
paramedics	n	paramedic _s
parameters	n	parameter _s
paramours	n	paramour _s
paranoiacs	n	paranoiac _s
paranoids	n	paranoid _s
parapets	n	parapet _s
paraphrased	v	paraphrase _ed
paraphrases	n	paraphrase _s
paraphrases	v	paraphrase _es
paraplegic	a	paraplegia _ic
paraplegic	n	paraplegia _ic
paraplegic	v	paraplegia _ic
paraplegics	n	paraplegia _ic _s
paraprofessionals	n	paraprofessional _s
parapsychologists	n	parapsychologist _s
paras	n	para _s
parasites	n	parasite _s
parasitic	a	parasite _ic
parasitic	n	parasite _ic
parasitically	r	parasite _ic _al _ly
parasols	n	parasol _s
paratroopers	n	paratrooper _s
parboiled	v	parboil _ed
parboiling	v	parboil _ing
parcelled	v	parcel _ed
parcelling	v	parcel _ing
parcels	n	parcel _s
parcels	v	parcel _es
parched	v	parch _ed
parches	v	parch _es
parching	v	parch _ing
parchment	a	parch _ment
parchment	n	parch _ment
parchments	n	parch _ment _s
pardners	n	pardner _s
pardonable	a	pardon _able
pardoned	v	pardon _ed
pardoners	n	pardoner _s
pardoning	v	pardon _ing
pardons	n	pardon _s
pardons	v	pardon _es
pared	v	par _ed
parental	a	parent _al
parental	n	parent _al
parental	v	parent _al
parented	v	parent _ed
parenthetically	r	parenthetic _al _ly
parenting	v	parent _ing
parents	n	parent _s
parents	v	parent _es
pares	v	par _es
parfaits	n	parfait _s
pariahs	n	pariah _s
paring	v	par _ing
parings	n	paring _s
parishes	n	parish _s
parishioners	n	parishioner _s
parity	n	par _ity
parkas	n	parka _s
parked	v	park _ed
parking	v	park _ing
parks	n	park _s
parks	v	park _es
parkways	n	parkway _s
parlayed	v	parlay _ed
parlaying	v	parlay _ing
parlays	n	parlay _s
parlays	v	parlay _es
parleyed	v	parley _ed
parleying	v	parley _ing
parleys	n	parley _s
parliamentarians	n	parliamentarian _s
parliaments	n	parliament _s
parlours	n	parlour _s
parodist	n	parody _ist
parodists	n	parody _ist _s
parodying	v	parody _ing
paroled	v	parole _ed
parolees	n	parolee _s
parolees	v	parole _es
paroles	n	parole _s
paroles	v	parole _es
paroxysms	n	paroxysm _s
parroted	v	parrot _ed
parroting	v	parrot _ing
parrots	n	parrot _s
parrots	v	parrot _es
parrying	v	parry _ing
pars	n	par _s
pars	v	par _es
parsecs	n	parsec _s
parsed	v	parse _ed
parses	n	par _s
parses	v	parse _es
parsimonious	a	parsimony _ous
parsnips	n	parsnip _s
parsonages	n	parsonage _s
parsons	n	parson _s
partaken	v	partake _n
partakers	n	partaker _s
partakes	v	partake _es
parted	v	part _ed
parterres	n	parterre _s
partiality	n	part _al _ity
partially	r	part _al _ly
partials	n	partial _s
participants	n	participant _s
participated	v	participate _ed
participates	v	participate _es
participles	n	participle _s
particles	n	particle _s
particularity	n	particular _ity
particularized	v	particular _ize _ed
particularly	r	particular _ly
particulars	n	particular _s
particulates	n	particulate _s
parting	v	part _ing
partings	n	parting _s
partisans	n	partisan _s
partitioned	v	partition _ed
partitioning	v	partition _ing
partitions	n	partition _s
partitions	v	partition _es
partly	r	part _ly
partnered	v	partner _ed
partnering	v	partner _ing
partners	n	partner _s
partners	v	partner _es
partnerships	n	partnership _s
partridges	n	partridge _s
parts	n	part _s
parts	v	part _es
partying	v	party _ing
parvenus	n	parvenu _s
pas	n	pa _s
pascals	n	pascal _s
pashas	n	pasha _s
pass	n	pas _s
passable	a	pass _able
passable	n	pass _able
passably	r	pass _able _ly
passages	n	passage _s
passageways	n	passageway _s
passbooks	n	passbook _s
passed	v	pass _ed
passengers	n	passenger _s
passers	n	passer _s
passes	n	pass _s
passes	v	pass _es
passing	v	pass _ing
passionately	r	passion _ate _ly
passionless	a	passion _less
passionless	n	passion _less
passions	n	passion _s
passively	r	pass _ive _ly
passiveness	n	pass _ive _ness
passives	n	passive _s
passivity	a	passive _ity
passivity	n	passive _ity
passports	n	passport _s
passwords	n	password _s
pastas	n	pasta _s
pasted	v	paste _ed
pastels	n	pastel _s
pasterns	n	pastern _s
pastes	n	paste _s
pastes	v	paste _es
pasteurized	v	pasteurize _ed
pastiches	n	pastiche _s
pastilles	n	pastille _s
pastimes	n	pastime _s
pastoral	a	pastor _al
pastoral	n	pastor _al
pastorals	n	pastor _al _s
pastorates	n	pastorate _s
pastors	n	pastor _s
pasts	n	past _s
pastured	v	pasture _ed
pastures	n	pasture _s
pastures	v	pasture _es
patched	v	patch _ed
patches	n	patch _s
patches	v	patch _es
patchily	n	patch _y _ly
patchily	r	patch _y _ly
patchiness	a	patch _y _ness
patchiness	n	patch _y _ness
patching	v	patch _ing
patchworks	n	patchwork _s
patchy	a	patch _y
patchy	n	patch _y
patchy	v	patch _y
patellas	n	patella _s
patented	v	patent _ed
patenting	v	patent _ing
patently	r	patent _ly
patents	n	patent _s
patents	v	patent _es
paternalistic	a	paternalism _ist _ic
paternally	r	paternt _al _ly
pates	n	pate _s
pates	v	pat _es
pathfinders	n	pathfinder _s
pathless	a	path _less
pathless	n	path _less
pathogens	n	pathogen _s
pathologically	r	pathology _ic _al _ly
pathologist	a	pathology _ist
pathologist	n	pathology _ist
pathologists	n	pathology _ist _s
paths	n	path _s
pathways	n	pathway _s
patiently	r	patient _ly
patients	n	patient _s
patinas	n	patina _s
patios	n	patio _s
patisseries	n	patisserie _s
patriarchal	a	patriarch _al
patriarchal	n	patriarch _al
patriarchal	v	patriarch _al
patriarchates	n	patriarchate _s
patriarchs	n	patriarch _s
patricians	n	patrician _s
patrimonial	a	patrimony _al
patriotic	a	patriot _ic
patriotic	n	patriot _ic
patriots	n	patriot _s
patrolled	v	patrol _ed
patrolling	v	patrol _ing
patrols	n	patrol _s
patrols	v	patrol _es
patronages	n	patronage _s
patronages	v	patronage _es
patronize	v	patron _ize
patronized	v	patron _ize _ed
patronizes	v	patron _ize _es
patronizingly	r	patron _ize _ing _ly
patrons	n	patron _s
patronymics	n	patronymic _s
pats	n	pat _s
pats	v	pat _es
patted	v	pat _ed
patter	n	pat _er
patter	r	pat _er
patter	v	pat _er
pattered	v	pat _er _ed
pattering	v	pat _er _ing
patterned	v	pattern _ed
patterning	v	pattern _ing
patterns	n	pattern _s
patterns	v	pattern _es
patters	n	pat _er _s
patters	v	pat _er _es
patting	v	pat _ing
paunches	n	paunch _s
paunchy	a	paunch _y
paunchy	n	paunch _y
paunchy	v	paunch _y
pauperized	v	pauperize _ed
paupers	n	pauper _s
paused	v	pause _ed
pauses	n	pause _s
pauses	v	pause _es
paved	v	pave _ed
pavement	a	pave _ment
pavement	n	pave _ment
pavement	v	pave _ment
pavements	n	pave _ment _s
paves	n	pave _s
paves	v	pave _es
pavilions	n	pavilion _s
pavings	n	paving _s
pavlovas	n	pavlova _s
pawed	v	paw _ed
pawing	v	paw _ing
pawnbrokers	n	pawnbroker _s
pawned	v	pawn _ed
pawning	v	pawn _ing
pawns	n	pawn _s
pawns	v	pawn _es
pawnshops	n	pawnshop _s
pawpaws	n	pawpaw _s
paws	n	paw _s
paws	v	paw _es
payable	a	pay _able
payable	n	pay _able
paybacks	n	payback _s
paychecks	n	paycheck _s
paydays	n	payday _s
payed	v	pay _ed
payees	n	payee _s
payer	n	pay _er
payer	v	pay _er
payers	n	pay _er _s
paying	v	pay _ing
payloads	n	payload _s
paymasters	n	paymaster _s
payment	n	pay _ment
payments	n	pay _ment _s
payoffs	n	payoff _s
payrolls	n	payroll _s
pays	n	pay _s
pays	v	pay _es
payslips	n	payslip _s
peaceably	r	peace _able _ly
peaceful	a	peace _ful
peaceful	n	peace _ful
peaceful	r	peace _ful
peaceful	v	peace _ful
peacefully	r	peace _ful _ly
peacefulness	a	peace _ful _ness
peacefulness	n	peace _ful _ness
peacefulness	v	peace _ful _ness
peacekeepers	n	peacekeeper _s
peacemakers	n	peacemaker _s
peaces	n	peace _s
peaches	n	peach _s
peaches	v	peach _es
peacocks	n	peacock _s
peahens	n	peahen _s
peaked	v	peak _ed
peaking	v	peak _ing
peaks	n	peak _s
peaks	v	peak _es
peaky	a	peak _y
peaky	n	peak _y
peaky	v	peak _y
pealed	v	peal _ed
pealing	v	peal _ing
peals	n	peal _s
peals	v	peal _es
peanuts	n	peanut _s
pearled	v	pearl _ed
pearling	v	pearl _ing
pearls	n	pearl _s
pearls	v	pearl _es
pearly	a	pearl _y
pearly	r	pearl _y
pears	n	pear _s
peas	n	pea _s
peasants	n	peasant _s
peaty	a	peat _y
peaty	n	peat _y
peaty	v	peat _y
pebbles	n	pebble _s
pebbly	a	pebble _y
pebbly	n	pebble _y
pebbly	r	pebble _y
pecans	n	pecan _s
peccadilloes	n	peccadillo _s
pecked	v	peck _ed
pecker	n	peck _er
peckers	n	peck _er _s
pecking	v	peck _ing
pecks	n	peck _s
pecks	v	peck _es
pectorals	n	pectoral _s
peculiarity	n	peculiar _ity
peculiarly	a	peculiar _ly
peculiarly	r	peculiar _ly
peculiarly	v	peculiar _ly
pedagogic	a	pedagogy _ic
pedagogic	n	pedagogy _ic
pedagogic	r	pedagogy _ic
pedagogic	v	pedagogy _ic
pedagogically	r	pedagogy _ic _al _ly
pedagogues	n	pedagogue _s
pedalled	v	pedal _ed
pedalling	v	pedal _ing
pedals	n	pedal _s
pedals	v	pedal _es
pedantic	a	pedant _ic
pedants	n	pedant _s
peddled	v	peddle _ed
peddler	n	peddle _er
peddlers	n	peddle _er _s
peddles	v	peddle _es
pederasts	n	pederast _s
pedestals	n	pedestal _s
pedestrians	n	pedestrian _s
pediatricians	n	pediatrician _s
pedicabs	n	pedicab _s
pedicured	v	pedicure _ed
pedicures	n	pedicure _s
pedicures	v	pedicure _es
pedigrees	n	pedigree _s
pediments	n	pediment _s
pedometers	n	pedometer _s
pedophiles	n	pedophile _s
peed	v	pee _ed
peeing	v	pee _ing
peeked	v	peek _ed
peeking	v	peek _ing
peeks	n	peek _s
peeks	v	peek _es
peeled	v	peel _ed
peeler	n	peel _er
peeler	v	peel _er
peelers	n	peel _er _s
peeling	v	peel _ing
peelings	n	peeling _s
peels	n	peel _s
peels	v	peel _es
peens	n	peen _s
peeped	v	peep _ed
peeper	n	peep _er
peepers	n	peep _er _s
peepholes	n	peephole _s
peeping	v	peep _ing
peeps	n	peep _s
peeps	v	peep _es
peepshows	n	peepshow _s
peerages	n	peerage _s
peered	v	peer _ed
peeresses	n	peeress _s
peering	v	peer _ing
peerless	a	peer _less
peerless	n	peer _less
peers	n	peer _s
peers	v	peer _es
pees	n	pee _s
pees	v	pee _es
peeved	v	peeve _ed
peeves	n	peeve _s
peeves	v	peeve _es
peevishly	n	peevish _ly
peevishly	r	peevish _ly
peewits	n	peewit _s
pegged	v	peg _ed
pegging	v	peg _ing
pegs	n	peg _s
pegs	v	peg _es
peignoirs	n	peignoir _s
pejoratively	r	pejoration _ve _ly
pekes	n	peke _s
pekineses	n	pekinese _s
pekingeses	n	pekingese _s
pelicans	n	pelican _s
pellets	n	pellet _s
pelmets	n	pelmet _s
pelted	v	pelt _ed
pelting	v	pelt _ing
pelts	n	pelt _s
pelts	v	pelt _es
pelvic	a	pelvis _ic
pelvic	n	pelvis _ic
pelvic	v	pelvis _ic
pelvises	n	pelvis _s
penalized	v	penalize _ed
penalizes	v	penalize _es
penances	n	penance _s
penchants	n	penchant _s
pencilled	v	pencil _ed
pencilling	v	pencil _ing
pencils	n	pencil _s
pencils	v	pencil _es
pendants	n	pendant _s
pendulums	n	pendulum _s
penetrable	a	penetrate _able
penetrated	v	penetrate _ed
penetrates	v	penetrate _es
penetrations	n	penetration _s
penguins	n	penguin _s
peninsulas	n	peninsula _s
penises	n	penis _s
penitents	n	penitent _s
pennants	n	pennant _s
penned	v	pen _ed
penniless	a	penny _less
penniless	n	penny _less
penniless	r	penny _less
penniless	v	penny _less
penning	v	pen _ing
pennons	n	pennon _s
pennyweights	n	pennyweight _s
pens	n	pen _s
pens	v	pen _es
pensioned	v	pension _ed
pensioner	a	pension _er
pensioner	n	pension _er
pensioner	v	pension _er
pensioners	n	pension _er _s
pensioning	v	pension _ing
pensions	n	pension _s
pensions	v	pension _es
pensively	r	pensive _ly
pent	v	pen _t
pentacles	n	pentacle _s
pentagonal	a	pentagon _al
pentagons	n	pentagon _s
pentagrams	n	pentagram _s
pentameters	n	pentameter _s
penthouses	n	penthouse _s
penurious	a	penury _ous
peons	n	peon _s
peopled	v	people _ed
peoples	n	people _s
peoples	v	people _es
peppercorns	n	peppercorn _s
peppered	v	pepper _ed
peppering	v	pepper _ing
peppermints	n	peppermint _s
pepperonis	n	pepperoni _s
peppers	n	pepper _s
peppers	v	pepper _es
peppery	a	pepper _y
peppery	n	pepper _y
peppery	r	pepper _y
peps	n	pep _s
peptic	a	pepsin _ic
peptides	n	peptide _s
perambulated	v	perambulate _ed
perambulates	v	perambulate _es
perambulation	n	perambulate _ion
perambulations	n	perambulate _ion _s
perambulators	n	perambulator _s
perceivable	a	perceive _able
perceived	v	perceive _ed
perceives	v	perceive _es
percentages	n	percentage _s
percentiles	n	percentile _s
percents	n	percent _s
perceptibly	r	percept _ible _ly
perception	a	perceive _ion
perception	n	perceive _ion
perception	v	perceive _ion
perceptions	n	perceive _ion _s
perceptively	r	percept _ive _ly
perceptiveness	n	percept _ive _ness
perched	v	perch _ed
perches	n	perch _s
perches	v	perch _es
perching	v	perch _ing
percolated	v	percolate _ed
percolates	n	percolate _s
percolates	v	percolate _es
percolation	n	percolate _ion
percolators	n	percolator _s
percussionists	n	percussionist _s
peregrinations	n	peregrination _s
peregrines	n	peregrine _s
peremptorily	r	peremptory _ly
perennially	r	perennial _ly
perennials	n	perennial _s
perfectas	n	perfecta _s
perfected	v	perfect _ed
perfecting	v	perfect _ing
perfection	a	perfect _ion
perfection	n	perfect _ion
perfection	v	perfect _ion
perfectionists	n	perfectionist _s
perfections	n	perfect _ion _s
perfectly	n	perfect _ly
perfectly	o	perfect _ly
perfectly	r	perfect _ly
perfects	n	perfect _s
perfects	v	perfect _es
perfidious	a	perfidy _ous
perforated	v	perforate _ed
perforates	v	perforate _es
perforations	n	perforation _s
performances	n	performance _s
performed	v	perform _ed
performer	a	perform _er
performer	n	perform _er
performer	v	perform _er
performers	n	perform _er _s
performing	v	perform _ing
performs	v	perform _es
perfumed	v	perfume _ed
perfumer	n	perfume _er
perfumers	n	perfume _er _s
perfumes	n	perfume _s
perfumes	v	perfume _es
perfunctorily	r	per_ function _tory _ly
pergolas	n	pergola _s
perilous	a	peril _ous
perilously	r	peril _ous _ly
perils	n	peril _s
perils	v	peril _es
perimeters	n	perimeter _s
periodic	a	period _ic
periodic	n	period _ic
periodic	v	period _ic
periodicals	n	periodical _s
periods	n	period _s
peripatetics	n	peripatetic _s
peripheral	a	periphery _al
peripheral	n	periphery _al
peripheral	v	periphery _al
peripherals	n	periphery _al _s
periscopes	n	periscope _s
perishable	a	perish _able
perishables	n	perish _able _s
perished	v	perish _ed
perishers	n	perisher _s
perishes	v	perish _es
perishing	v	perish _ing
peristyles	n	peristyle _s
periwigs	n	periwig _s
periwinkles	n	periwinkle _s
perjured	v	perjure _ed
perjurer	n	perjure _er
perjurers	n	perjure _er _s
perked	v	perk _ed
perking	v	perk _ing
perks	n	perk _s
perks	v	perk _es
perky	a	perk _y
perky	n	perk _y
perky	v	perk _y
permanently	r	permanent _ly
permanently	v	permanent _ly
permanents	n	permanent _s
permeability	n	permeate _able _ity
permeable	a	permeate _able
permeable	v	permeate _able
permeated	v	permeate _ed
permeates	v	permeate _es
permed	v	perm _ed
perming	v	perm _ing
permissions	n	permission _s
permissiveness	n	permission _ive _ness
permissiveness	r	permission _ive _ness
permits	n	permit _s
permits	v	permit _es
permitted	v	permit _ed
permitting	v	permit _ing
perms	n	perm _s
permutations	n	permutation _s
permuted	v	permute _ed
perorations	n	peroration _s
peroxided	v	peroxide _ed
peroxides	n	peroxide _s
perpendicularly	r	perpendicular _ly
perpetrated	v	perpetrate _ed
perpetrates	v	perpetrate _es
perpetration	n	perpetrate _ion
perpetrators	n	perpetrator _s
perpetually	r	perpetual _ly
perpetuated	v	perpetuate _ed
perpetuates	v	perpetuate _es
perpetuity	n	perpetual _ity
perplexed	v	perplex _ed
perplexes	v	perplex _es
perplexing	v	perplex _ing
perquisites	n	perquisite _s
persecuted	v	persecute _ed
persecutes	v	persecute _es
persecutions	n	persecution _s
persecutors	n	persecutor _s
persevered	v	persevere _ed
perseveres	v	persevere _es
persimmons	n	persimmon _s
persisted	v	persist _ed
persistently	r	persist _ent _ly
persisting	v	persist _ing
persists	v	persist _es
personae	n	persona _e
personages	n	personage _s
personal	a	person _al
personality	a	person _al _ity
personality	n	person _al _ity
personalize	v	person _al _ize
personalized	v	person _al _ize _ed
personalizes	v	person _al _ize _es
personally	r	person _al _ly
personally	v	person _al _ly
personals	n	personal _s
personas	n	persona _s
personifications	n	personification _s
personifying	v	personify _ing
persons	n	person _s
perspectives	n	perspective _s
perspicacity	n	perspicacious _ity
perspired	v	perspire _ed
perspires	v	perspire _es
persuaded	v	persuade _ed
persuaders	n	persuader _s
persuades	v	persuade _es
persuasions	n	persuasion _s
persuasively	r	persuasive _ly
persuasiveness	a	persuasive _ness
persuasiveness	n	persuasive _ness
pertained	v	pertain _ed
pertaining	v	pertain _ing
pertains	v	pertain _es
pertinacity	n	pertinacious _ity
pertinently	r	pertinent _ly
perturbations	n	perturbation _s
perturbed	v	perturb _ed
perturbing	v	perturb _ing
perturbs	v	perturb _es
perukes	n	peruke _s
perused	v	peruse _ed
peruses	v	peruse _es
pervaded	v	pervade _ed
pervades	v	pervade _es
pervasively	a	pervase _ive _ly
pervasively	r	pervase _ive _ly
pervasiveness	n	pervasive _ness
perversely	a	perverse _ly
perversely	r	perverse _ly
perverseness	n	perverse _ness
perversions	n	perversion _s
perversity	n	perverse _ity
perverted	v	pervert _ed
perverting	v	pervert _ing
perverts	n	pervert _s
perverts	v	pervert _es
pesetas	n	peseta _s
pesos	n	peso _s
pessimist	a	pessimism _ist
pessimist	n	pessimism _ist
pessimistic	a	pessimism _ist _ic
pessimistic	n	pessimism _ist _ic
pessimistic	v	pessimism _ist _ic
pessimists	n	pessimism _ist _s
pestered	v	pester _ed
pestering	v	pester _ing
pesters	v	pester _es
pesticides	n	pesticide _s
pestilences	n	pestilence _s
pestled	v	pestle _ed
pestles	n	pestle _s
pestles	v	pestle _es
pests	n	pest _s
petabytes	n	petabyte _s
petals	n	petal _s
petards	n	petard _s
peters	n	peter _s
petioles	n	petiole _s
petites	n	petite _s
petitioned	v	petition _ed
petitioner	n	petition _er
petitioners	n	petition _er _s
petitioning	v	petition _ing
petitions	n	petition _s
petitions	v	petition _es
petrels	n	petrel _s
petrifying	v	petrify _ing
petrochemicals	n	petrochemical _s
pets	n	pet _s
pets	v	pet _es
petted	v	pet _ed
petticoats	n	petticoat _s
pettifoggers	n	pettifogger _s
pettifogging	v	pettifog _ing
pettiness	n	petty _ness
petting	v	pet _ing
petulantly	r	petulant _ly
petunias	n	petunia _s
pewits	n	pewit _s
pews	n	pew _s
pfennigs	n	pfennig _s
phaetons	n	phaeton _s
phages	n	phage _s
phagocytes	n	phagocyte _s
phalanxes	n	phalanx _s
phallic	a	phallus _ic
phantasmagorias	n	phantasmagoria _s
phantasmal	a	phantasm _al
phantasms	n	phantasm _s
phantoms	n	phantom _s
pharaohs	n	pharaoh _s
pharisees	n	pharisee _s
pharmaceuticals	n	pharmaceutical _s
pharmaceutics	n	pharmaceutic _s
pharmacist	n	pharmacy _ist
pharmacists	n	pharmacy _ist _s
pharmacologist	n	pharmacology _ist
pharmacologists	n	pharmacology _ist _s
pharmacopoeias	n	pharmacopoeia _s
phased	v	phase _ed
phases	n	phase _s
phases	v	phase _es
pheasants	n	pheasant _s
phenomenal	a	phenomenon _al
phenomenal	n	phenomenon _al
phenomenally	r	phenomenon _al _ly
phenomenons	n	phenomenon _s
pheromones	n	pheromone _s
phials	n	phial _s
philandered	v	philander _ed
philanderer	n	philander _er
philanderers	n	philander _er _s
philandering	v	philander _ing
philanthropic	a	philanthropy _ic
philanthropic	n	philanthropy _ic
philanthropic	r	philanthropy _ic
philanthropic	v	philanthropy _ic
philanthropists	n	philanthropist _s
philatelic	a	philately _ic
philatelists	n	philatelist _s
philharmonics	n	philharmonic _s
philippics	n	philippic _s
philistines	n	philistine _s
philodendrons	n	philodendron _s
philologists	n	philologist _s
philosophers	n	philosopher _s
philosophic	a	philosophy _ic
philosophically	r	philosophy _ic _al _ly
philosophize	v	philosophy _ize
philosophized	v	philosophy _ize _ed
philosophizes	v	philosophy _ize _es
philtres	n	philtre _s
phis	n	phi _s
phobias	n	phobia _s
phobic	a	phobia _ic
phobic	n	phobia _ic
phoebes	n	phoebe _s
phoenixes	n	phoenix _s
phoned	v	phone _ed
phonemes	n	phoneme _s
phonemic	a	phoneme _ic
phonemic	v	phoneme _ic
phones	n	phone _s
phones	v	phone _es
phoneticians	n	phonetician _s
phonic	a	phone _ic
phonic	n	phone _ic
phoniness	n	phoney _ness
phonographs	n	phonograph _s
phonologically	r	phonology _ic _al _ly
phosphates	n	phosphate _s
phosphoric	a	phosphorus _ic
phosphoric	n	phosphorus _ic
phosphoric	v	phosphorus _ic
phosphorous	a	phosphorus _ous
phosphors	n	phosphor _s
photocells	n	photocell _s
photocopier	a	photocopy _er
photocopier	n	photocopy _er
photocopier	v	photocopy _er
photocopiers	n	photocopy _er _s
photocopying	v	photocopy _ing
photographed	v	photograph _ed
photographer	a	photograph _er
photographer	n	photograph _er
photographer	o	photograph _er
photographer	r	photograph _er
photographer	v	photograph _er
photographers	n	photograph _er _s
photographic	a	photograph _ic
photographic	n	photograph _ic
photographing	v	photograph _ing
photographs	n	photograph _s
photographs	v	photograph _es
photojournalists	n	photojournalist _s
photons	n	photon _s
photos	n	photo _s
photostats	n	photostat _s
phrasal	a	phrase _al
phrasal	n	phrase _al
phrasal	v	phrase _al
phrased	v	phrase _ed
phrases	n	phrase _s
phrases	v	phrase _es
phrasings	n	phrasing _s
phrenologist	n	phrenology _ist
phrenologists	n	phrenology _ist _s
physical	a	physics _al
physical	n	physics _al
physical	v	physics _al
physically	n	physics _al _ly
physically	r	physics _al _ly
physicians	n	physician _s
physicist	a	physics _ist
physicist	n	physics _ist
physicists	n	physics _ist _s
physics	n	physic _s
physiologist	n	physiology _ist
physiologists	n	physiology _ist _s
physiotherapist	a	physiotherapy _ist
physiotherapist	n	physiotherapy _ist
physiotherapist	v	physiotherapy _ist
physiotherapists	n	physiotherapy _ist _s
physiques	n	physique _s
pianissimos	n	pianissimo _s
pianist	a	piano _ist
pianist	n	piano _ist
pianist	v	piano _ist
pianists	n	piano _ist _s
pianofortes	n	pianoforte _s
pianos	n	piano _s
piazzas	n	piazza _s
picadors	n	picador _s
piccolos	n	piccolo _s
pickaxes	n	pickax _s
picked	v	pick _ed
picker	n	pick _er
pickers	n	pick _er _s
picketed	v	picket _ed
picketing	v	picket _ing
pickets	n	picket _s
pickets	v	picket _es
picking	v	pick _ing
pickings	n	picking _s
pickings	v	pick _es
pickled	v	pickle _ed
pickles	n	pickle _s
pickles	v	pickle _es
pickpockets	n	pickpocket _s
picks	n	pick _s
picks	v	pick _es
pickups	n	pickup _s
picky	a	pick _y
picky	n	pick _y
picky	v	pick _y
picnicked	v	picnic _ed
picnickers	n	picnicker _s
picnicking	v	picnic _ing
picnics	n	picnic _s
pics	n	pic _s
pictographs	n	pictograph _s
pictorially	r	pictor _al _ly
pictorials	n	pictorial _s
pictured	v	picture _ed
pictures	n	picture _s
pictures	v	picture _es
picturesquely	r	picturesque _ly
piddled	v	piddle _ed
piddles	n	piddle _s
pieced	v	piece _ed
pieces	n	piece _s
pieces	v	piece _es
pierced	v	pierce _ed
pierces	n	pierce _s
pierces	v	pierce _es
piercingly	r	pierce _ing _ly
piers	n	pier _s
pies	n	pie _s
pigeonholed	v	pigeonhole _ed
pigeonholes	n	pigeonhole _s
pigeonholes	v	pigeonhole _es
pigeons	n	pigeon _s
pigged	v	pig _ed
pigging	v	pig _ing
piggy	a	pig _y
piggy	n	pig _y
piggy	v	pig _y
piggybacked	v	piggyback _ed
piggybacking	v	piggyback _ing
piggybacks	n	piggyback _s
piggybacks	v	piggyback _es
piglets	n	piglet _s
pigmented	v	pigment _ed
pigments	n	pigment _s
pigpens	n	pigpen _s
pigs	n	pig _s
pigs	v	pig _es
pigtails	n	pigtail _s
pikes	n	pike _s
pikestaffs	n	pikestaff _s
pilafs	n	pilaf _s
pilasters	n	pilaster _s
pilchards	n	pilchard _s
piled	v	pile _ed
piles	n	pile _s
piles	v	pile _es
pileups	n	pileup _s
pilfered	v	pilfer _ed
pilferers	n	pilferer _s
pilfering	v	pilfer _ing
pilfers	v	pilfer _es
pilgrimages	n	pilgrimage _s
pilgrims	n	pilgrim _s
pilings	n	piling _s
pillaged	v	pillage _ed
pillagers	n	pillage _er _s
pillages	n	pillage _s
pillages	v	pillage _es
pillars	n	pillar _s
pillboxes	n	pillbox _s
pillions	n	pillion _s
pillocks	n	pillock _s
pillorying	v	pillory _ing
pillowcases	n	pillowcase _s
pillowed	v	pillow _ed
pillowing	v	pillow _ing
pillows	n	pillow _s
pillows	v	pillow _es
pills	n	pill _s
piloted	v	pilot _ed
piloting	v	pilot _ing
pilots	n	pilot _s
pimentos	n	pimento _s
pimientos	n	pimiento _s
pimped	v	pimp _ed
pimping	v	pimp _ing
pimples	n	pimple _s
pimply	a	pimple _y
pimply	n	pimple _y
pimply	r	pimple _y
pimps	n	pimp _s
pimps	v	pimp _es
pinafores	n	pinafore _s
pinatas	n	pinata _s
pincers	n	pincer _s
pinched	v	pinch _ed
pinches	n	pinch _s
pinches	v	pinch _es
pinching	v	pinch _ing
pincushions	n	pincushion _s
pineapples	n	pineapple _s
pined	v	pine _ed
pines	n	pine _s
pines	v	pin _es
pinged	v	ping _ed
pinging	v	ping _ing
pings	n	ping _s
pings	v	ping _es
pinheads	n	pinhead _s
pinholes	n	pinhole _s
pining	v	pine _ing
pinioned	v	pinion _ed
pinioning	v	pinion _ing
pinions	n	pinion _s
pinions	v	pinion _es
pinked	v	pink _ed
pinker	a	pink _er
pinkest	a	pink _est
pinking	v	pink _ing
pinkos	n	pinko _s
pinks	n	pink _s
pinks	v	pink _es
pinnacles	n	pinnacle _s
pinnacles	v	pinnacle _es
pinned	v	pin _ed
pinning	v	pin _ing
pinpointed	v	pinpoint _ed
pinpointing	v	pinpoint _ing
pinpoints	n	pinpoint _s
pinpoints	v	pinpoint _es
pinpricks	n	pinprick _s
pins	n	pin _s
pins	v	pin _es
pinstripes	n	pinstripe _s
pintos	n	pinto _s
pints	n	pint _s
pinwheels	n	pinwheel _s
pioneered	v	pioneer _ed
pioneering	v	pioneer _ing
pioneers	n	pioneer _s
pioneers	v	pioneer _es
piously	r	pious _ly
piped	v	pip _ed
pipelines	n	pipeline _s
piper	a	pipe _er
piper	n	pipe _er
piper	o	pipe _er
piper	v	pipe _er
pipers	n	pipe _er _s
pipes	n	pipe _s
pipes	v	pip _es
pipettes	n	pipette _s
piping	v	pip _ing
pipits	n	pipit _s
pipped	v	pip _ed
pipping	v	pip _ing
pippins	n	pippin _s
pips	n	pip _s
pips	v	pip _es
piqued	v	pique _ed
piques	n	pique _s
piques	v	pique _es
piranhas	n	piranha _s
pirated	v	pirate _ed
pirates	n	pirate _s
pirates	v	pirate _es
pirouetted	v	pirouette _ed
pirouettes	n	pirouette _s
pirouettes	v	pirouette _es
pis	n	pi _s
pissed	v	piss _ed
pisses	n	piss _s
pisses	v	piss _es
pissing	v	piss _ing
pistachios	n	pistachio _s
pistes	n	piste _s
pistils	n	pistil _s
pistols	n	pistol _s
pistons	n	piston _s
pitas	n	pita _s
pitched	v	pitch _ed
pitcher	a	pitch _er
pitcher	n	pitch _er
pitcher	r	pitch _er
pitchers	n	pitch _er _s
pitches	n	pitch _s
pitches	v	pitch _es
pitchforked	v	pitchfork _ed
pitchforks	n	pitchfork _s
pitchforks	v	pitchfork _es
pitching	v	pitch _ing
piteously	r	piteous _ly
pitfalls	n	pitfall _s
pitheads	n	pithead _s
pithily	r	pith _y _ly
pithy	a	pith _y
pithy	n	pith _y
pitiable	a	pity _able
pitiful	a	pity _ful
pitiful	n	pity _ful
pitiful	o	pity _ful
pitifully	r	pity _ful _ly
pitiless	a	pity _less
pitiless	n	pity _less
pitilessly	r	pity _less _ly
pitons	n	piton _s
pits	n	pit _s
pits	v	pit _es
pittas	n	pitta _s
pitted	v	pit _ed
pitting	v	pit _ing
pitying	v	pity _ing
pivotal	a	pivot _al
pivotal	n	pivot _al
pivoted	v	pivot _ed
pivoting	v	pivot _ing
pivots	n	pivot _s
pivots	v	pivot _es
pixels	n	pixel _s
pizzas	n	pizza _s
pizzerias	n	pizzeria _s
placarded	v	placard _ed
placarding	v	placard _ing
placards	n	placard _s
placated	v	placate _ed
placates	v	placate _es
placebos	n	placebo _s
placed	v	place _ed
placeholders	n	placeholder _s
placekickers	n	placekicker _s
placement	a	place _ment
placement	n	place _ment
placement	v	place _ment
placements	n	place _ment _s
placentals	n	placental _s
placentas	n	placenta _s
placers	n	placer _s
places	n	place _s
places	v	place _es
placidity	n	placid _ity
placidly	r	placid _ly
plackets	n	placket _s
plagiarisms	n	plagiarism _s
plagiarist	n	plagiary _ism _ist
plagiarists	n	plagiary _ism _ist _s
plagiarize	v	plagiarism _ize
plagiarized	v	plagiarism _ize _ed
plagued	v	plague _ed
plagues	n	plague _s
plagues	v	plague _es
plaids	n	plaid _s
plainer	a	plain _er
plainest	a	plain _est
plainly	a	plain _ly
plainly	r	plain _ly
plainness	n	plain _ness
plains	n	plain _s
plains	v	plain _es
plaintiffs	n	plaintiff _s
plaintively	r	plaint _ive _ly
plaints	n	plaint _s
plaited	v	plait _ed
plaiting	v	plait _ing
plaits	n	plait _s
plaits	v	plait _es
planed	v	plan _ed
planers	n	planer _s
planes	n	plane _s
planes	v	plan _es
planetariums	n	planetarium _s
planets	n	planet _s
planing	v	plan _ing
planked	v	plank _ed
planking	v	plank _ing
planks	n	plank _s
planks	v	plank _es
planned	v	plan _ed
planner	n	plan _er
planners	n	plan _er _s
planning	v	plan _ing
plannings	n	planning _s
plans	n	plan _s
plans	v	plan _es
plantains	n	plantain _s
plantations	n	plantation _s
planted	v	plant _ed
planter	n	plant _er
planters	n	plant _er _s
planting	v	plant _ing
plantings	n	planting _s
plants	n	plant _s
plants	v	plant _es
plaques	n	plaque _s
plashing	v	plash _ing
plastered	v	plaster _ed
plasterer	n	plaster _er
plasterers	n	plaster _er _s
plastering	v	plaster _ing
plasters	n	plaster _s
plasters	v	plaster _es
plasticity	n	plastic _ity
plasticized	v	plasticize _ed
plastics	n	plastic _s
plateaus	n	plateau _s
plated	v	plat _ed
platefuls	n	plateful _s
platelets	n	platelet _s
platens	n	platen _s
plates	n	plate _s
plates	v	plat _es
platforms	n	platform _s
plating	v	plate _ing
platitudes	n	platitude _s
platitudinous	a	platitude _ous
platoons	n	platoon _s
plats	n	plat _s
plats	v	plat _es
platted	v	plat _ed
platters	n	platter _s
platting	v	plat _ing
platypuses	n	platypus _s
platys	n	platy _s
plaudits	n	plaudit _s
plausibility	n	plauseible _ity
plausibly	n	plause _ible _ly
plausibly	r	plause _ible _ly
plausibly	v	plause _ible _ly
playable	a	play _able
playable	n	play _able
playacted	v	playact _ed
playacting	v	playact _ing
playacts	v	playact _es
playbacks	n	playback _s
playbills	n	playbill _s
playbooks	n	playbook _s
playboys	n	playboy _s
played	v	play _ed
player	n	play _er
players	n	play _er _s
playful	a	play _ful
playful	n	play _ful
playfully	n	play _ful _ly
playfully	r	play _ful _ly
playfulness	n	play _ful _ness
playfulness	v	play _ful _ness
playgoers	n	playgoer _s
playgrounds	n	playground _s
playhouses	n	playhouse _s
playing	v	play _ing
playlists	n	playlist _s
playmates	n	playmate _s
playoffs	n	playoff _s
playpens	n	playpen _s
playrooms	n	playroom _s
plays	n	play _s
plays	v	play _es
playthings	n	plaything _s
playwrights	n	playwright _s
plazas	n	plaza _s
pleaded	v	plead _ed
pleaders	n	pleader _s
pleading	v	plead _ing
pleadings	n	pleading _s
pleads	v	plead _es
pleas	n	plea _s
pleasanter	a	pleasant _er
pleasantest	a	pleasant _est
pleasantly	a	please _ant _ly
pleasantly	r	please _ant _ly
pleasantness	n	pleasant _ness
pleased	v	please _ed
pleases	n	please _s
pleases	v	please _es
pleasingly	n	please _ing _ly
pleasingly	r	please _ing _ly
pleasurable	a	pleasure _able
pleasurable	n	pleasure _able
pleasurably	r	pleasure _able _ly
pleasures	n	pleasure _s
pleated	v	pleat _ed
pleating	v	pleat _ing
pleats	n	pleat _s
pleats	v	pleat _es
plebeians	n	plebeian _s
plebes	n	plebe _s
plebiscites	n	plebiscite _s
plebs	n	pleb _s
plectrums	n	plectrum _s
pledged	v	pledge _ed
pledges	n	pledge _s
pledges	v	pledge _es
plentiful	a	plenty _ful
plentiful	n	plenty _ful
plentiful	v	plenty _ful
plentifully	r	plenty _ful _ly
pliable	a	ply _able
pliable	v	ply _able
pliers	n	plier _s
plighted	v	plight _ed
plighting	v	plight _ing
plights	n	plight _s
plimsolls	n	plimsoll _s
plinths	n	plinth _s
plodded	v	plod _ed
plodder	n	plod _er
plodders	n	plod _er _s
plodding	v	plod _ing
plods	n	plod _s
plods	v	plod _es
plonked	v	plonk _ed
plonking	v	plonk _ing
plonks	n	plonk _s
plonks	v	plonk _es
plopped	v	plop _ed
plopping	v	plop _ing
plops	n	plop _s
plops	v	plop _es
plosives	n	plosive _s
plots	n	plot _s
plots	v	plot _es
plotted	v	plot _ed
plotter	n	plot _er
plotters	n	plot _er _s
plotting	v	plot _ing
ploughshares	n	ploughshare _s
plovers	n	plover _s
plowed	v	plow _ed
plowing	v	plow _ing
plows	n	plow _s
plows	v	plow _es
ploys	n	ploy _s
plucked	v	pluck _ed
plucking	v	pluck _ing
plucks	n	pluck _s
plucks	v	pluck _es
plucky	a	pluck _y
plucky	n	pluck _y
plucky	o	pluck _y
plucky	v	pluck _y
plugged	v	plug _ed
plugging	v	plug _ing
plugholes	n	plughole _s
plugs	n	plug _s
plugs	v	plug _es
plumbed	v	plumb _ed
plumber	a	plumb _er
plumber	n	plumb _er
plumber	v	plumb _er
plumbers	n	plumb _er _s
plumbing	v	plumb _ing
plumbs	n	plumb _s
plumbs	v	plumb _es
plumed	v	plume _ed
plumes	n	plume _s
plumes	v	plume _es
plummeted	v	plummet _ed
plummeting	v	plummet _ing
plummets	n	plummet _s
plummets	v	plummet _es
plummy	a	plum _y
plummy	n	plum _y
plumped	v	plump _ed
plumper	a	plump _er
plumpest	a	plump _est
plumping	v	plump _ing
plumpness	a	plump _ness
plumpness	n	plump _ness
plumpness	v	plump _ness
plumps	n	plump _s
plumps	v	plump _es
plums	n	plum _s
plundered	v	plunder _ed
plunderer	n	plunder _er
plunderers	n	plunder _er _s
plundering	v	plunder _ing
plunders	n	plunder _s
plunders	v	plunder _es
plunged	v	plunge _ed
plunger	n	plunge _er
plungers	n	plunge _er _s
plunges	n	plunge _s
plunges	v	plunge _es
plunked	v	plunk _ed
plunking	v	plunk _ing
plunks	n	plunk _s
plunks	v	plunk _es
pluralistic	a	plural _ist _ic
pluralists	n	pluralist _s
plurality	n	plural _ity
pluralized	v	pluralize _ed
plurals	n	plural _s
pluses	n	plus _s
plusher	a	plush _er
plushest	a	plush _est
plutocratic	a	plutocrat _ic
plutocrats	n	plutocrat _s
plying	v	ply _ing
poached	v	poach _ed
poacher	n	poach _er
poacher	o	poach _er
poacher	r	poach _er
poacher	v	poach _er
poachers	n	poach _er _s
poaches	v	poach _es
poaching	v	poach _ing
pocked	v	pock _ed
pocketbooks	n	pocketbook _s
pocketed	v	pocket _ed
pocketfuls	n	pocketful _s
pocketing	v	pocket _ing
pockets	n	pocket _s
pockets	v	pocket _es
pocking	v	pock _ing
pockmarked	v	pockmark _ed
pockmarking	v	pockmark _ing
pockmarks	n	pockmark _s
pocks	n	pock _s
podcasting	v	podcast _ing
podcasts	v	podcast _es
podded	v	pod _ed
podiatrists	n	podiatrist _s
podiums	n	podium _s
pods	n	pod _s
pods	v	pod _es
poems	n	poem _s
poetesses	n	poetess _s
poetic	a	poet _ic
poetic	n	poet _ic
poets	n	poet _s
pogroms	n	pogrom _s
poignantly	r	poignant _ly
poinsettias	n	poinsettia _s
pointed	v	point _ed
pointedly	a	point _ed _ly
pointedly	r	point _ed _ly
pointer	a	point _er
pointer	n	point _er
pointer	v	point _er
pointers	n	point _er _s
pointillists	n	pointillist _s
pointing	v	point _ing
pointless	a	point _less
pointless	n	point _less
pointless	o	point _less
pointless	r	point _less
pointless	v	point _less
pointlessly	r	point _less _ly
pointlessness	n	point _less _ness
points	n	point _s
points	v	point _es
poised	v	poise _ed
poises	n	poise _s
poises	v	poise _es
poisoned	v	poison _ed
poisoner	n	poison _er
poisoners	n	poison _er _s
poisoning	v	poison _ing
poisonings	n	poisoning _s
poisonings	v	poison _es
poisonous	a	poison _ous
poisons	n	poison _s
poisons	v	poison _es
poked	v	poke _ed
poker	n	poke _er
poker	v	poke _er
pokers	n	poke _er _s
pokes	n	poke _s
pokes	v	poke _es
poky	a	poke _y
poky	n	poke _y
polarity	a	polar _ity
polarity	n	polar _ity
polarize	v	polar _ize
polarized	v	polar _ize _ed
polarizes	v	polar _ize _es
poleaxed	v	poleax _ed
poleaxing	v	poleax _ing
polecats	n	polecat _s
poled	v	pole _ed
polemical	a	polemic _al
polemical	n	polemic _al
polemically	r	polemic _al _ly
polemicists	n	polemicist _s
polemics	n	polemic _s
poles	n	pole _s
poles	v	pole _es
polestars	n	polestar _s
policed	v	police _ed
polices	n	police _s
polices	v	police _es
policyholders	n	policyholder _s
polished	v	polish _ed
polisher	n	polish _er
polishers	n	polish _er _s
polishes	n	polish _s
polishes	v	polish _es
polishing	v	polish _ing
politburos	n	politburo _s
politely	a	polite _ly
politely	r	polite _ly
politeness	a	polite _ness
politeness	n	polite _ness
politeness	r	polite _ness
politer	a	polite _r
politest	a	polite _st
political	a	politics _al
politically	n	politics _al _ly
politically	r	politics _al _ly
politicians	n	politician _s
politicized	v	politicize _ed
politicizes	v	politicize _es
politicking	v	politick _ing
politicos	n	politico _s
polkas	n	polka _s
pollacks	n	pollack _s
pollards	n	pollard _s
polled	v	poll _ed
pollinated	v	pollinate _ed
pollinates	v	pollinate _es
pollination	n	pollinate _ion
pollinators	n	pollinator _s
polling	v	poll _ing
polls	n	poll _s
polls	v	poll _es
pollsters	n	pollster _s
pollutants	n	pollutant _s
polluted	v	pollute _ed
polluters	n	polluter _s
pollutes	v	pollute _es
pollution	a	pollute _ion
pollution	n	pollute _ion
pollution	v	pollute _ion
polonaises	n	polonaise _s
pols	n	pol _s
poltergeists	n	poltergeist _s
poltroons	n	poltroon _s
polyandrous	a	polyandry _ous
polyesters	n	polyester _s
polygamists	n	polygamy _ist _s
polygamous	a	polygamy _ous
polyglots	n	polyglot _s
polygons	n	polygon _s
polygraphs	n	polygraph _s
polyhedrons	n	polyhedron _s
polymaths	n	polymath _s
polymerized	v	polymerize _ed
polymers	n	polymer _s
polymorphic	a	polymorph _ic
polymorphic	v	polymorph _ic
polymorphous	a	polymorph _ous
polynomials	n	polynomial _s
polyphonic	a	polyphony _ic
polyphonic	n	polyphony _ic
polyps	n	polyp _s
polysyllabic	a	polysyllable _ic
polysyllables	n	polysyllable _s
polytechnics	n	polytechnic _s
polytheistic	a	polytheism _ic
polytheistic	n	polytheism _ic
polytheists	n	polytheist _s
polyurethanes	n	polyurethane _s
pomaded	v	pomade _ed
pomades	n	pomade _s
pomegranates	n	pomegranate _s
pommelled	v	pommel _ed
pommels	n	pommel _s
pompadours	n	pompadour _s
pomposity	n	pomp _ous _ity
pompous	a	pomp _ous
pompously	r	pomp _ous _ly
poms	n	pom _s
ponces	n	ponce _s
ponchos	n	poncho _s
pondered	v	ponder _ed
pondering	v	ponder _ing
ponderously	r	ponderous _ly
ponders	v	ponder _es
ponds	n	pond _s
pongs	n	pong _s
pontiffs	n	pontiff _s
pontificated	v	pontificate _ed
pontificates	n	pontificate _s
pontificates	v	pontificate _es
pontoons	n	pontoon _s
ponytails	n	ponytail _s
pooches	n	pooch _s
pooches	v	pooch _es
pooching	v	pooch _ing
poodles	n	poodle _s
poofs	n	poof _s
pooled	v	pool _ed
pooling	v	pool _ing
poolrooms	n	poolroom _s
pools	n	pool _s
pools	v	pool _es
poops	n	poop _s
poorer	a	poor _er
poorest	a	poor _est
poorhouses	n	poorhouse _s
poorly	a	poor _ly
poorly	n	poor _ly
poorly	r	poor _ly
poorly	v	poor _ly
popes	n	pope _s
popguns	n	popgun _s
popinjays	n	popinjay _s
poplars	n	poplar _s
popovers	n	popover _s
popped	v	pop _ed
popper	a	pop _er
popper	n	pop _er
popper	o	pop _er
popper	v	pop _er
poppers	n	pop _er _s
poppets	n	poppet _s
popping	v	pop _ing
pops	n	pop _s
pops	v	pop _es
populaces	n	populace _s
popularity	a	popular _ity
popularity	n	popular _ity
popularized	v	popularize _ed
popularizes	v	popularize _es
popularly	a	popular _ly
popularly	n	popular _ly
popularly	r	popular _ly
populated	v	populate _ed
populates	v	populate _es
population	a	populate _ion
population	n	populate _ion
population	o	populate _ion
population	v	populate _ion
populations	n	populate _ion _s
populists	n	populist _s
porcelains	n	porcelain _s
porches	n	porch _s
porcupines	n	porcupine _s
pored	v	pore _ed
pores	n	pore _s
pores	v	pore _es
porkers	n	porker _s
porky	a	pork _y
porky	n	pork _y
pornographers	n	pornographer _s
pornographic	a	pornography _ic
pornographic	n	pornography _ic
pornographic	v	pornography _ic
porosity	n	pore _ous _ity
porous	a	pore _ous
porpoises	n	porpoise _s
portability	a	portable _ity
portability	n	portable _ity
portables	n	portable _s
portages	n	portage _s
portals	n	portal _s
portcullises	n	portcullis _s
ported	v	port _ed
portended	v	portend _ed
portending	v	portend _ing
portends	v	portend _es
portentous	a	portent _ous
portentously	r	portent _ous _ly
portents	n	portent _s
porter	a	port _er
porter	n	port _er
porter	r	port _er
porter	v	port _er
porterhouses	n	porterhouse _s
porters	n	port _er _s
portfolios	n	portfolio _s
portholes	n	porthole _s
porticoes	n	portico _s
porting	v	port _ing
portioned	v	portion _ed
portioning	v	portion _ing
portions	n	portion _s
portmanteaus	n	portmanteau _s
portraitist	n	portrait _ist
portraitists	n	portrait _ist _s
portraits	n	portrait _s
portrayals	n	portrayal _s
portrayed	v	portray _ed
portraying	v	portray _ing
portrays	v	portray _es
ports	n	port _s
ports	v	port _es
posed	v	pose _ed
poser	n	pose _er
posers	n	pose _er _s
poses	n	pose _s
poses	v	pose _es
poseurs	n	poseur _s
posher	a	posh _er
poshest	a	posh _est
posited	v	posit _ed
positing	v	posit _ing
position	n	posit _ion
positional	a	posit _ion _al
positioned	v	posit _ion _ed
positioning	v	posit _ion _ing
positions	n	posit _ion _s
positively	a	positive _ly
positively	r	positive _ly
positiveness	n	positive _ness
positives	n	positive _s
positivists	n	positivist _s
positrons	n	positron _s
posits	n	posit _s
posits	v	posit _es
possessed	v	possess _ed
possesses	v	possess _es
possessing	v	possess _ing
possessions	n	possession _s
possessively	r	possess _ive _ly
possessiveness	n	possess _ive _ness
possessiveness	r	possess _ive _ness
possessives	n	possessive _s
possessors	n	possessor _s
possibility	n	possible _ity
possibles	n	possible _s
possibly	a	posse _ible _ly
possibly	n	posse _ible _ly
possibly	r	posse _ible _ly
possibly	v	posse _ible _ly
possums	n	possum _s
postal	a	post _al
postal	n	post _al
postal	v	post _al
postboxes	n	postbox _s
postcards	n	postcard _s
postcodes	n	postcode _s
postdated	v	postdate _ed
postdates	v	postdate _es
postdocs	n	postdoc _s
posted	v	post _ed
posteriors	n	posterior _s
posterity	n	posterior _ity
posterity	v	posterior _ity
posters	n	poster _s
postgraduates	n	postgraduate _s
posthumously	n	posthumous _ly
posthumously	r	posthumous _ly
posting	v	post _ing
postings	n	posting _s
postludes	n	postlude _s
postmarked	v	postmark _ed
postmarks	n	postmark _s
postmarks	v	postmark _es
postmasters	n	postmaster _s
postmistresses	n	postmistress _s
postmortems	n	postmortem _s
postponed	v	postpone _ed
postponement	a	postpone _ment
postponement	n	postpone _ment
postponements	n	postpone _ment _s
postpones	v	postpone _es
posts	n	post _s
posts	v	post _es
postscripts	n	postscript _s
postulated	v	postulate _ed
postulates	n	postulate _s
postulates	v	postulate _es
postulations	n	postulation _s
postured	v	posture _ed
postures	n	posture _s
postures	v	posture _es
posturings	n	posturing _s
potables	n	potable _s
potatoes	n	potato _s
potboilers	n	potboiler _s
potentates	n	potentate _s
potential	a	potency _al
potential	n	potency _al
potential	v	potency _al
potentiality	n	potency _al _ity
potentially	a	potency _al _ly
potentially	r	potency _al _ly
potentially	v	potency _al _ly
potentials	n	potency _al _s
potentiated	v	potentiate _ed
potentiates	v	potentiate _es
potently	r	potent _ly
potheads	n	pothead _s
potherbs	n	potherb _s
potholders	n	potholder _s
potholers	n	potholer _s
potholes	n	pothole _s
pothooks	n	pothook _s
potions	n	potion _s
potlucks	n	potluck _s
potpies	n	potpie _s
pots	n	pot _s
pots	v	pot _es
potsherds	n	potsherd _s
potshots	n	potshot _s
potted	v	pot _ed
potter	n	pot _er
potter	r	pot _er
potter	v	pot _er
pottered	v	pot _er _ed
pottering	v	pot _er _ing
potters	n	pot _er _s
potters	v	pot _er _es
potting	v	pot _ing
potty	a	pot _y
potty	n	pot _y
potty	r	pot _y
potty	v	pot _y
pouched	v	pouch _ed
pouches	n	pouch _s
pouches	v	pouch _es
pouching	v	pouch _ing
pouffes	n	pouffe _s
poufs	n	pouf _s
poulterers	n	poulterer _s
poulticed	v	poultice _ed
poultices	n	poultice _s
pounced	v	pounce _ed
pounces	n	pounce _s
pounces	v	pounce _es
pounded	v	pound _ed
pounding	v	pound _ing
poundings	n	pounding _s
pounds	n	pound _s
pounds	v	pound _es
poured	v	pour _ed
pouring	v	pour _ing
pours	v	pour _es
pouted	v	pout _ed
pouters	n	pouter _s
pouting	v	pout _ing
pouts	n	pout _s
pouts	v	pout _es
powdered	v	powder _ed
powdering	v	powder _ing
powders	n	powder _s
powders	v	powder _es
powdery	a	powder _y
powdery	n	powder _y
powdery	v	powder _y
powerboats	n	powerboat _s
powered	v	power _ed
powerful	a	power _ful
powerfully	r	power _ful _ly
powerhouses	n	powerhouse _s
powering	v	power _ing
powerless	a	power _less
powerless	n	power _less
powerless	r	power _less
powerless	v	power _less
powerlessness	a	power _less _ness
powerlessness	n	power _less _ness
powerlessness	v	power _less _ness
powers	n	power _s
powers	v	power _es
powwows	n	powwow _s
practicability	n	practise _able _ity
practicable	a	practise _able
practicable	n	practise _able
practicable	v	practise _able
practicably	r	practise _able _ly
practicality	n	practice _al _ity
practically	r	practice _al _ly
practices	n	practice _s
practised	v	practise _ed
practises	v	practise _es
practitioners	n	practitioner _s
praetors	n	praetor _s
pragmatics	n	pragmatic _s
pragmatist	a	pragmatism _ist
pragmatist	n	pragmatism _ist
pragmatists	n	pragmatism _ist _s
prairies	n	prairie _s
praised	v	praise _ed
praises	n	praise _s
praises	v	praise _es
pralines	n	praline _s
prams	n	pram _s
pranced	v	prance _ed
prances	n	prance _s
prances	v	prance _es
pranged	v	prang _ed
prangs	n	prang _s
prangs	v	prang _es
pranks	n	prank _s
pranks	v	prank _es
pranksters	n	prankster _s
prated	v	prate _ed
prates	v	prate _es
pratfalls	n	pratfall _s
prats	n	prat _s
prattled	v	prattle _ed
prattlers	n	prattler _s
prattles	n	prattle _s
prattles	v	prattle _es
prawning	v	prawn _ing
prawns	n	prawn _s
prawns	v	prawn _es
prayed	v	pray _ed
prayer	a	pray _er
prayer	n	pray _er
prayer	o	pray _er
prayer	r	pray _er
prayer	v	pray _er
prayers	n	pray _er _s
praying	v	pray _ing
prays	v	pray _es
preached	v	preach _ed
preacher	n	preach _er
preacher	o	preach _er
preacher	r	preach _er
preachers	n	preach _er _s
preaches	v	preach _es
preaching	v	preach _ing
preambles	n	preamble _s
prearranged	v	prearrange _ed
prearrangement	n	pre_ arrange _ment
precariously	r	precarious _ly
precariousness	n	precarious _ness
precautions	n	precaution _s
preceded	v	precede _ed
precedents	n	precedent _s
precedes	v	precede _es
precepts	n	precept _s
precincts	n	precinct _s
preciously	r	precious _ly
preciousness	n	precious _ness
precipices	n	precipice _s
precipitants	n	precipitant _s
precipitated	v	precipitate _ed
precipitately	r	precipitate _ly
precipitates	n	precipitate _s
precipitates	v	precipitate _es
precipitations	n	precipitation _s
precipitously	r	precipitous _ly
precisely	a	precise _ly
precisely	r	precise _ly
preciseness	n	precise _ness
precluded	v	preclude _ed
precludes	v	preclude _es
precociously	r	precocious _ly
precocity	n	precocious _ity
preconceived	v	preconceive _ed
preconceptions	n	preconception _s
preconditioned	v	precondition _ed
preconditioning	v	precondition _ing
preconditions	n	precondition _s
preconditions	v	precondition _es
precooked	v	precook _ed
precursors	n	precursor _s
precursory	n	precursor _y
predated	v	predate _ed
predates	v	predate _es
predators	n	predator _s
predeceased	v	predecease _ed
predeceases	v	predecease _es
predecessors	n	predecessor _s
predestined	v	predestine _ed
predetermined	v	predetermine _ed
predetermines	v	predetermine _es
predicaments	n	predicament _s
predicated	v	predicate _ed
predicates	n	predicate _s
predicates	v	predicate _es
predictability	n	predict _able _ity
predictable	a	predict _able
predictable	n	predict _able
predictable	v	predict _able
predictably	r	predict _able _ly
predicted	v	predict _ed
predicting	v	predict _ing
prediction	n	predict _ion
predictions	n	predict _ion _s
predictors	n	predictor _s
predicts	v	predict _es
predigested	v	predigest _ed
predilections	n	predilection _s
predisposed	v	predispose _ed
predisposes	v	predispose _es
predispositions	n	predisposition _s
predominantly	a	pre_ dominant _ly
predominantly	r	pre_ dominant _ly
predominated	v	predominate _ed
predominates	v	predominate _es
preemies	n	preemie _s
preempted	v	preempt _ed
preempting	v	preempt _ing
preempts	n	preempt _s
preempts	v	preempt _es
preened	v	preen _ed
preening	v	preen _ing
preens	v	preen _es
preexisting	v	preexist _ing
preexists	v	preexist _es
prefabricated	v	prefabricate _ed
prefabs	n	prefab _s
prefaced	v	preface _ed
prefaces	n	preface _s
prefaces	v	preface _es
prefects	n	prefect _s
prefectures	n	prefecture _s
preferable	a	prefer _able
preferable	n	prefer _able
preferable	v	prefer _able
preferably	n	prefer _able _ly
preferably	r	prefer _able _ly
preferences	n	preference _s
preferentially	r	preference _al _ly
preferentially	v	preference _al _ly
preferment	a	prefer _ment
preferment	n	prefer _ment
preferred	v	prefer _ed
preferring	v	prefer _ing
prefers	v	prefer _es
prefigured	v	prefigure _ed
prefigures	v	prefigure _es
prefixed	v	prefix _ed
prefixes	n	prefix _s
prefixes	v	prefix _es
prefixing	v	prefix _ing
preformed	v	preform _ed
preforming	v	preform _ing
preforms	v	preform _es
preheated	v	preheat _ed
preheating	v	preheat _ing
prehistoric	a	prehistory _ic
prehistoric	n	prehistory _ic
prehistoric	v	prehistory _ic
prejudged	v	prejudge _ed
prejudges	v	prejudge _es
prejudgments	n	prejudgment _s
prejudiced	v	prejudice _ed
prejudices	n	prejudice _s
prejudices	v	prejudice _es
prelates	n	prelate _s
prelims	n	prelim _s
preludes	n	prelude _s
preludes	v	prelude _es
prematurely	r	pre_ mature _ly
premeditated	v	premeditate _ed
premiered	v	premier _ed
premieres	n	premiere _s
premieres	v	premier _es
premiering	v	premier _ing
premiers	n	premier _s
premiers	v	premier _es
premierships	n	premiership _s
premised	v	premise _ed
premises	n	premise _s
premises	v	premise _es
premiums	n	premium _s
premixes	n	premix _s
premolars	n	premolar _s
premonitions	n	premonition _s
prenatally	r	pre_ natal _ly
preoccupations	n	preoccupation _s
preoccupying	v	preoccupy _ing
preordained	v	preordain _ed
preordaining	v	preordain _ing
preparations	n	preparation _s
prepared	v	prepare _ed
preparedness	a	prepare _ed _ness
preparedness	n	prepare _ed _ness
preparedness	v	prepare _ed _ness
prepares	v	prepare _es
prepaying	v	prepay _ing
prepayments	n	prepayment _s
prepays	v	prepay _es
preponderantly	r	pre_ ponder _ant _ly
prepositional	a	pre_ position _al
prepositions	n	preposition _s
prepossessing	v	prepossess _ing
prepossessions	n	prepossession _s
preposterously	r	preposterous _ly
preps	n	prep _s
prepuces	n	prepuce _s
prerecorded	v	prerecord _ed
prerecording	v	prerecord _ing
prerequisites	n	prerequisite _s
prerogatives	n	prerogative _s
presaged	v	presage _ed
presages	n	presage _s
presages	v	presage _es
presbyters	n	presbyter _s
preschoolers	n	preschooler _s
preschools	n	preschool _s
presciently	r	prescient _ly
prescribed	v	prescribe _ed
prescribes	v	prescribe _es
prescription	n	prescribe _ion
prescriptions	n	prescribe _ion _s
prescriptively	r	pre_ script _ive _ly
prescripts	n	prescript _s
preseasons	n	preseason _s
presences	n	presence _s
presentable	a	present _able
presentable	n	present _able
presentations	n	presentation _s
presented	v	present _ed
presenter	a	present _er
presenter	n	present _er
presenter	r	present _er
presenter	v	present _er
presenters	n	present _er _s
presentiments	n	presentiment _s
presenting	v	present _ing
presently	r	present _ly
presentments	n	presentment _s
presents	n	present _s
presents	v	present _es
preservationists	n	preservationist _s
preservatives	n	preservative _s
preserved	v	preserve _ed
preserver	n	preserve _er
preserver	r	preserve _er
preservers	n	preserve _er _s
preserves	n	preserve _s
preserves	v	preserve _es
presided	v	preside _ed
presidents	n	president _s
presides	v	preside _es
pressed	v	press _ed
presses	n	press _s
presses	v	press _es
pressing	v	press _ing
pressingly	r	press _ing _ly
pressings	n	pressing _s
pressured	v	pressure _ed
pressures	n	pressure _s
pressures	v	pressure _es
pressurize	n	pressure _ize
pressurize	v	pressure _ize
pressurized	v	pressure _ize _ed
pressurizes	v	pressure _ize _es
prestigious	a	prestige _ous
presumably	a	presume _able _ly
presumably	n	presume _able _ly
presumably	r	presume _able _ly
presumably	v	presume _able _ly
presumed	v	presume _ed
presumes	v	presume _es
presumptions	n	presumption _s
presumptuous	a	presume _ion _ous
presumptuously	r	presume _ion _ous _ly
presupposed	v	presuppose _ed
presupposes	v	presuppose _es
presuppositions	n	presupposition _s
preteens	n	preteen _s
pretended	v	pretend _ed
pretender	n	pretend _er
pretenders	n	pretend _er _s
pretending	v	pretend _ing
pretends	n	pretend _s
pretends	v	pretend _es
pretenses	n	pretense _s
pretensions	n	pretension _s
pretentious	a	pretence _ous
pretentiously	r	pretence _ous _ly
pretentiousness	a	pretence _ous _ness
pretentiousness	n	pretence _ous _ness
preternaturally	r	preter_ nature _al _ly
pretexts	n	pretext _s
prettifying	v	prettify _ing
prettily	a	pretty _ly
prettily	r	pretty _ly
prettiness	a	pretty _ness
prettiness	n	pretty _ness
prettiness	o	pretty _ness
pretzels	n	pretzel _s
prevailed	v	prevail _ed
prevailing	v	prevail _ing
prevails	v	prevail _es
prevaricated	v	prevaricate _ed
prevaricates	v	prevaricate _es
prevarications	n	prevarication _s
prevaricators	n	prevaricator _s
preventable	a	prevent _able
preventable	n	prevent _able
preventatives	n	preventative _s
prevented	v	prevent _ed
preventing	v	prevent _ing
prevention	a	prevent _ion
prevention	n	prevent _ion
prevents	v	prevent _es
previewed	v	preview _ed
previewing	v	preview _ing
previews	n	preview _s
previews	v	preview _es
previously	r	previous _ly
preyed	v	prey _ed
preying	v	prey _ing
preys	n	prey _s
preys	v	prey _es
priced	v	price _ed
priceless	a	price _less
priceless	n	price _less
priceless	v	price _less
prices	n	price _s
prices	v	price _es
pricey	a	price _y
pricey	n	price _y
pricey	v	price _y
pricked	v	prick _ed
prickers	n	prick _er _s
pricking	v	prick _ing
prickled	v	prickle _ed
prickles	n	prickle _s
prickles	v	prickle _es
prickly	a	prick _le _y
prickly	n	prick _le _y
prickly	r	prick _le _y
prickly	v	prick _le _y
pricks	n	prick _s
pricks	v	prick _es
prided	v	pride _ed
prides	n	pride _s
prides	v	pride _es
priestesses	n	priestess _s
priests	n	priest _s
prigs	n	prig _s
primal	a	prime _al
primal	n	prime _al
primal	v	prime _al
primarily	r	primary _ly
primates	n	primate _s
primed	v	prim _ed
primer	a	prime _er
primer	n	prime _er
primers	n	prime _er _s
primes	n	prime _s
primes	v	prim _es
priming	v	prim _ing
primitively	r	prime _tive _ly
primitiveness	a	primitive _ness
primitiveness	n	primitive _ness
primitives	n	primitive _s
primly	a	prim _ly
primly	n	prim _ly
primly	r	prim _ly
primped	v	primp _ed
primping	v	primp _ing
primroses	n	primrose _s
primulas	n	primula _s
princedoms	n	princedom _s
princes	n	prince _s
princesses	n	princess _s
principal	a	principle _al
principal	n	principle _al
principal	v	principle _al
principality	n	principle _al _ity
principally	a	principle _al _ly
principally	r	principle _al _ly
principals	n	principle _al _s
principles	n	principle _s
printable	a	print _able
printed	v	print _ed
printer	a	print _er
printer	n	print _er
printers	n	print _er _s
printing	v	print _ing
printings	n	printing _s
printouts	n	printout _s
prints	n	print _s
prints	v	print _es
prions	n	prion _s
prioritized	v	prioritize _ed
prioritizes	v	prioritize _es
priority	a	prior _ity
priority	n	prior _ity
priors	n	prior _s
prisms	n	prism _s
prisoners	n	prisoner _s
prisons	n	prison _s
privateers	n	privateer _s
privately	r	private _ly
privates	n	private _s
privations	n	privation _s
privatizations	n	privatization _s
privatized	v	privatize _ed
privatizes	v	privatize _es
privets	n	privet _s
privileged	v	privilege _ed
privileges	n	privilege _s
privileges	v	privilege _es
privily	r	privy _ly
prized	v	prize _ed
prizefighters	n	prizefighter _s
prizefighting	v	prizefight _ing
prizefights	n	prizefight _s
prizes	n	prize _s
prizes	v	prize _es
probability	n	probable _ity
probables	n	probable _s
probably	r	probe _able _ly
probated	v	probate _ed
probates	n	probate _s
probationers	n	probationer _s
probed	v	probe _ed
probes	n	probe _s
probes	v	probe _es
problems	n	problem _s
proboscises	n	proboscis _s
procedural	a	procedure _al
procedural	n	procedure _al
procedural	v	procedure _al
procedures	n	procedure _s
proceeded	v	proceed _ed
proceeding	v	proceed _ing
proceedings	n	proceeding _s
proceedings	v	proceed _es
proceeds	v	proceed _es
processed	v	process _ed
processes	n	process _s
processes	v	process _es
processing	v	process _ing
processional	a	process _ion _al
processionals	n	processional _s
processions	n	procession _s
processors	n	processor _s
proclaimed	v	proclaim _ed
proclaiming	v	proclaim _ing
proclaims	v	proclaim _es
proclamations	n	proclamation _s
proconsuls	n	proconsul _s
procrastinated	v	procrastinate _ed
procrastinates	v	procrastinate _es
procrastinators	n	procrastinator _s
proctored	v	proctor _ed
proctoring	v	proctor _ing
proctors	n	proctor _s
procurators	n	procurator _s
procured	v	procure _ed
procurement	a	procure _ment
procurement	n	procure _ment
procurement	v	procure _ment
procurer	n	procure _er
procurers	n	procure _er _s
procures	v	procure _es
prodded	v	prod _ed
prodding	v	prod _ing
prodigal	a	prodigy _al
prodigal	n	prodigy _al
prodigal	v	prodigy _al
prodigality	n	prodigy _al _ity
prodigals	n	prodigy _al _s
prodigious	a	prodigy _ous
prodigiously	r	prodigy _ous _ly
prods	n	prod _s
prods	v	prod _es
produced	v	produce _ed
producer	n	produce _er
producers	n	produce _er _s
produces	n	produce _s
produces	v	produce _es
production	n	produce _ion
productions	n	produce _ion _s
productively	r	product _ive _ly
productiveness	n	product _ive _ness
productivity	a	product _ive _ity
productivity	n	product _ive _ity
products	n	product _s
profaned	v	profane _ed
profanely	r	profane _ly
profaneness	n	profane _ness
profanes	v	profane _es
profanity	n	profane _ity
professed	v	profess _ed
professedly	r	profess _ed _ly
professes	v	profess _es
professing	v	profess _ing
professional	a	profess _ion _al
professional	n	profess _ion _al
professional	v	profess _ion _al
professionalized	v	professionalize _ed
professionalizes	v	professionalize _es
professionally	r	profess _ion _al _ly
professionals	n	profess _ion _al _s
professions	n	profession _s
professors	n	professor _s
professorships	n	professorship _s
proffered	v	proffer _ed
proffering	v	proffer _ing
proffers	n	proffer _s
proffers	v	proffer _es
proficiently	r	proficient _ly
profiled	v	profile _ed
profiles	n	profile _s
profiles	v	profile _es
profitable	a	profit _able
profitably	a	profit _able _ly
profitably	r	profit _able _ly
profited	v	profit _ed
profiteered	v	profiteer _ed
profiteering	v	profiteer _ing
profiteers	n	profiteer _s
profiteroles	n	profiterole _s
profiting	v	profit _ing
profitless	a	profit _less
profitless	n	profit _less
profitless	r	profit _less
profits	n	profit _s
profits	v	profit _es
profligates	n	profligate _s
profounder	a	profound _er
profoundest	a	profound _est
profoundly	a	profound _ly
profoundly	r	profound _ly
profs	n	prof _s
profundity	n	profound _ity
profusely	r	profuse _ly
profusions	n	profusion _s
progenitors	n	progenitor _s
progestins	n	progestin _s
prognostic	a	prognosis _ic
prognosticated	v	prognosticate _ed
prognostication	n	prognosticate _ion
prognostications	n	prognosticate _ion _s
prognosticators	n	prognosticator _s
prognostics	n	prognostic _s
programmed	v	program _ed
programmer	a	programme _er
programmer	n	programme _er
programmer	v	programme _er
programmers	n	programme _er _s
programming	v	program _ing
programs	n	program _s
progressed	v	progress _ed
progresses	n	progress _s
progresses	v	progress _es
progressing	v	progress _ing
progression	n	progress _ion
progressions	n	progress _ion _s
progressively	a	progress _ive _ly
progressively	r	progress _ive _ly
progressiveness	n	progress _ive _ness
progressives	n	progressive _s
prohibited	v	prohibit _ed
prohibiting	v	prohibit _ing
prohibition	n	prohibit _ion
prohibitionists	n	prohibitionist _s
prohibitions	n	prohibit _ion _s
prohibitively	r	prohibit _ive _ly
prohibits	v	prohibit _es
projected	v	project _ed
projectiles	n	projectile _s
projecting	v	project _ing
projectionists	n	projectionist _s
projections	n	projection _s
projectors	n	projector _s
projects	n	project _s
projects	v	project _es
prolapsed	v	prolapse _ed
prolapses	n	prolapse _s
proles	n	prole _s
proletarians	n	proletarian _s
proliferated	v	proliferate _ed
proliferates	v	proliferate _es
prolixity	n	prolix _ity
prologues	n	prologue _s
prolongations	n	prolongation _s
prolonged	v	prolong _ed
prolonging	v	prolong _ing
prolongs	v	prolong _es
promenaded	v	promenade _ed
promenades	n	promenade _s
promenades	v	promenade _es
prominently	r	pro_ imminent _ly
promiscuous	a	promiscuity _ous
promiscuously	r	promiscous _ity _ous _ly
promised	v	promise _ed
promises	n	promise _s
promises	v	promise _es
promisingly	n	promise _ing _ly
promisingly	r	promise _ing _ly
promoted	v	promote _ed
promoter	a	promote _er
promoter	n	promote _er
promoter	v	promote _er
promoters	n	promote _er _s
promotes	v	promote _es
promotions	n	promotion _s
prompted	v	prompt _ed
prompter	n	prompt _er
prompting	v	prompt _ing
promptings	n	prompting _s
promptly	n	prompt _ly
promptly	r	prompt _ly
promptness	n	prompt _ness
prompts	n	prompt _s
prompts	v	prompt _es
proms	n	prom _s
promulgated	v	promulgate _ed
promulgates	v	promulgate _es
promulgators	n	promulgator _s
proneness	a	prone _ness
proneness	n	prone _ness
pronghorns	n	pronghorn _s
prongs	n	prong _s
pronounceable	a	pronounce _able
pronounced	v	pronounce _ed
pronouncement	n	pronounce _ment
pronouncements	n	pronounce _ment _s
pronounces	v	pronounce _es
pronouns	n	pronoun _s
pronunciations	n	pronunciation _s
proofed	v	proof _ed
proofing	v	proof _ing
proofreader	n	proofread _er
proofreaders	n	proofread _er _s
proofreading	v	proofread _ing
proofreads	v	proofread _es
proofs	n	proof _s
proofs	v	proof _es
propagandist	a	propaganda _ist
propagandist	n	propaganda _ist
propagandist	v	propaganda _ist
propagandists	n	propaganda _ist _s
propagandize	v	propaganda _ize
propagandized	v	propaganda _ize _ed
propagated	v	propagate _ed
propagates	v	propagate _es
propagators	n	propagator _s
propellants	n	propellant _s
propelled	v	propel _ed
propeller	a	propel _er
propeller	n	propel _er
propellers	n	propel _er _s
propelling	v	propel _ing
propels	v	propel _es
properest	a	proper _est
properly	a	proper _ly
properly	n	proper _ly
properly	r	proper _ly
properly	v	proper _ly
prophesying	v	prophesy _ing
prophetesses	n	prophetess _s
prophetic	a	prophet _ic
prophetic	n	prophet _ic
prophets	n	prophet _s
prophylactics	n	prophylactic _s
propitiated	v	propitiate _ed
propitiation	n	propitiate _ion
proponents	n	proponent _s
proportional	a	proportion _al
proportional	n	proportion _al
proportional	v	proportion _al
proportionally	r	pro_ port _ion _al _ly
proportionately	r	pro_ portion _ate _ly
proportioned	v	proportion _ed
proportioning	v	proportion _ing
proportions	n	proportion _s
proportions	v	proportion _es
proposal	n	propose _al
proposals	n	propose _al _s
proposed	v	propose _ed
proposer	n	propose _er
proposers	n	propose _er _s
proposes	v	propose _es
propositional	a	proposition _al
propositioned	v	proposition _ed
propositioning	v	proposition _ing
propositions	n	proposition _s
propositions	v	proposition _es
propounded	v	propound _ed
propounding	v	propound _ing
propounds	v	propound _es
propped	v	prop _ed
propping	v	prop _ing
proprietors	n	proprietor _s
proprietresses	n	proprietress _s
props	n	prop _s
props	v	prop _es
prorated	v	prorate _ed
prorates	v	prorate _es
prorogued	v	prorogue _ed
pros	n	pro _s
prosaic	a	prose _ic
prosaic	n	prose _ic
prosaic	r	prose _ic
prosaic	v	prose _ic
prosceniums	n	proscenium _s
proscribed	v	proscribe _ed
proscribes	v	proscribe _es
proscription	n	proscribe _ion
proscriptions	n	proscribe _ion _s
prosecuted	v	prosecute _ed
prosecutes	v	prosecute _es
prosecution	a	prosecute _ion
prosecution	n	prosecute _ion
prosecution	v	prosecute _ion
prosecutions	n	prosecute _ion _s
prosecutors	n	prosecutor _s
proselytes	n	proselyte _s
proselytize	v	proselyte _ize
proselytized	v	proselyte _ize _ed
proselytizer	n	proselyte _ize _er
proselytizes	v	proselyte _ize _es
prospected	v	prospect _ed
prospecting	v	prospect _ing
prospectors	n	prospector _s
prospects	n	prospect _s
prospects	v	prospect _es
prospectuses	n	prospectus _s
prospered	v	prosper _ed
prospering	v	prosper _ing
prosperity	a	prosperous _ity
prosperity	n	prosperous _ity
prosperity	v	prosperous _ity
prosperously	r	prosperous _ly
prospers	v	prosper _es
prostates	n	prostate _s
prostituted	v	prostitute _ed
prostitutes	n	prostitute _s
prostitutes	v	prostitute _es
prostrated	v	prostrate _ed
prostrates	v	prostrate _es
prostrations	n	prostration _s
prosy	a	prose _y
prosy	n	prose _y
protagonists	n	protagonist _s
protected	v	protect _ed
protecting	v	protect _ing
protection	n	protect _ion
protectionist	a	protection _ism _ist
protectionist	n	protection _ism _ist
protectionist	v	protection _ism _ist
protectionists	n	protection _ism _ist _s
protections	n	protect _ion _s
protectively	r	protect _ive _ly
protectiveness	n	protect _ive _ness
protectorates	n	protectorate _s
protectors	n	protector _s
protects	v	protect _es
protegees	n	protegee _s
proteges	n	protege _s
proteins	n	protein _s
protestants	n	protestant _s
protestations	n	protestation _s
protested	v	protest _ed
protester	n	protest _er
protester	r	protest _er
protesters	n	protest _er _s
protesting	v	protest _ing
protests	n	protest _s
protests	v	protest _es
protocols	n	protocol _s
protons	n	proton _s
prototypes	n	prototype _s
protozoans	n	protozoan _s
protracted	v	protract _ed
protracting	v	protract _ing
protractors	n	protractor _s
protracts	v	protract _es
protruded	v	protrude _ed
protrudes	v	protrude _es
protrusion	n	protrude _ion
protrusions	n	protrude _ion _s
protuberances	n	protuberance _s
prouder	a	proud _er
proudest	a	proud _est
proudly	a	proud _ly
proudly	r	proud _ly
provable	a	prove _able
provable	n	prove _able
proved	v	prove _ed
proven	v	prove _n
provenances	n	provenance _s
proverbially	r	pro_ verb _ial _ly
proverbs	n	proverb _s
proves	v	prove _es
provided	v	provide _ed
providentially	r	providence _al _ly
provider	n	provide _er
provider	v	provide _er
providers	n	provide _er _s
provides	v	provide _es
provinces	n	province _s
provincially	r	province _al _ly
provincials	n	provincial _s
provisional	a	provide _ion _al
provisional	n	provide _ion _al
provisionally	r	provide _ion _al _ly
provisioned	v	provision _ed
provisioning	v	provision _ing
provisions	n	provision _s
provisos	n	proviso _s
provocateurs	n	provocateur _s
provocations	n	provocation _s
provocatively	r	provocate _ive _ly
provoked	v	provoke _ed
provokers	n	provoker _s
provokes	v	provoke _es
provokingly	r	provoke _ing _ly
provosts	n	provost _s
prowled	v	prowl _ed
prowler	n	prowl _er
prowler	v	prowl _er
prowlers	n	prowl _er _s
prowling	v	prowl _ing
prowls	n	prowl _s
prowls	v	prowl _es
prows	n	prow _s
prudently	r	prudent _ly
prudes	n	prude _s
prudishness	n	prudish _ness
pruned	v	prune _ed
pruners	n	pruner _s
prunes	n	prune _s
prunes	v	prune _es
prying	v	pry _ing
psalmists	n	psalmist _s
psalms	n	psalm _s
psalms	v	psalm _es
psephologist	n	psephology _ist
psephologists	n	psephology _ist _s
pseudonymous	a	pseudonym _ous
pseudonyms	n	pseudonym _s
pseudosciences	n	pseudoscience _s
pseuds	n	pseud _s
psis	n	psi _s
psyches	n	psyche _s
psychiatric	a	psychiatry _ic
psychiatric	n	psychiatry _ic
psychiatric	v	psychiatry _ic
psychiatrist	a	psychiatry _ist
psychiatrist	n	psychiatry _ist
psychiatrists	n	psychiatry _ist _s
psychic	a	psyche _ic
psychic	n	psyche _ic
psychic	v	psyche _ic
psychically	r	psychical _ly
psychics	n	psyche _ic _s
psychoanalysts	n	psychoanalyst _s
psychoanalytic	a	psychoanalysis _ic
psychoanalytic	n	psychoanalysis _ic
psychoanalyzed	v	psychoanalyze _ed
psychoanalyzes	v	psychoanalyze _es
psychologically	r	psychology _ic _al _ly
psychologists	n	psychologist _s
psychopathic	a	psychopath _ic
psychopathic	n	psychopath _ic
psychopaths	n	psychopath _s
psychos	n	psycho _s
psychotherapist	a	psychotherapy _ist
psychotherapist	n	psychotherapy _ist
psychotherapist	v	psychotherapy _ist
psychotherapists	n	psychotherapy _ist _s
psychotic	a	psychosis _ic
psychotic	n	psychosis _ic
psychotic	v	psychosis _ic
psychotics	n	psychosis _ic _s
ptarmigans	n	ptarmigan _s
pterodactyls	n	pterodactyl _s
publicans	n	publican _s
publications	n	publication _s
publicist	a	publish _ist
publicist	n	publish _ist
publicists	n	publish _ist _s
publicity	a	public _ity
publicity	n	public _ity
publicize	v	public _ize
publicized	v	public _ize _ed
publicizes	v	public _ize _es
publicly	r	public _ly
published	v	publish _ed
publisher	a	publish _er
publisher	n	publish _er
publisher	v	publish _er
publishers	n	publish _er _s
publishes	v	publish _es
publishing	v	publish _ing
pubs	n	pub _s
puckered	v	pucker _ed
puckering	v	pucker _ing
puckers	n	pucker _s
puckers	v	pucker _es
pucks	n	puck _s
puddings	n	pudding _s
puddled	v	puddle _ed
puddles	n	puddle _s
puddles	v	puddle _es
puds	n	pud _s
pueblos	n	pueblo _s
puerperal	a	puerperium _al
puffballs	n	puffball _s
puffed	v	puff _ed
puffer	n	puff _er
puffer	v	puff _er
puffers	n	puff _er _s
puffiness	n	puff _y _ness
puffing	v	puff _ing
puffins	n	puffin _s
puffs	n	puff _s
puffs	v	puff _es
puffy	a	puff _y
puffy	n	puff _y
puffy	v	puff _y
pugilistic	a	pugilism _ist _ic
pugilists	n	pugilist _s
pugnacity	n	pugnacious _ity
pugs	n	pug _s
puked	v	puke _ed
pukes	n	puke _s
pukes	v	puke _es
puled	v	pule _ed
pullbacks	n	pullback _s
pulled	v	pull _ed
pullers	n	puller _s
pullets	n	pullet _s
pulleys	n	pulley _s
pulling	v	pull _ing
pullouts	n	pullout _s
pullovers	n	pullover _s
pulls	n	pull _s
pulls	v	pull _es
pulped	v	pulp _ed
pulping	v	pulp _ing
pulpits	n	pulpit _s
pulps	n	pulp _s
pulpy	n	pulp _y
pulsars	n	pulsar _s
pulsated	v	pulsate _ed
pulsates	v	pulsate _es
pulsation	n	pulsate _ion
pulsations	n	pulsate _ion _s
pulsed	v	pulse _ed
pulses	n	pulse _s
pulses	v	pulse _es
pulverized	v	pulverize _ed
pulverizes	v	pulverize _es
pumas	n	puma _s
pumices	n	pumice _s
pummelled	v	pummel _ed
pummelling	v	pummel _ing
pummels	v	pummel _es
pumped	v	pump _ed
pumping	v	pump _ing
pumpkins	n	pumpkin _s
pumps	n	pump _s
pumps	v	pump _es
punched	v	punch _ed
puncher	n	punch _er
puncher	r	punch _er
punchers	n	punch _er _s
punches	n	punch _s
punches	v	punch _es
punching	v	punch _ing
punchy	a	punch _y
punchy	n	punch _y
punchy	v	punch _y
punctiliously	r	punctilio _ous _ly
punctuality	n	punctual _ity
punctually	r	punctual _ly
punctuated	v	punctuate _ed
punctuates	v	punctuate _es
punctured	v	puncture _ed
punctures	n	puncture _s
punctures	v	puncture _es
pundits	n	pundit _s
pungently	r	pungent _ly
punishable	a	punish _able
punishable	n	punish _able
punished	v	punish _ed
punishes	v	punish _es
punishing	v	punish _ing
punishment	a	punish _ment
punishment	n	punish _ment
punishment	v	punish _ment
punishments	n	punish _ment _s
punitively	r	punitive _ly
punks	n	punk _s
punned	v	pun _ed
punnets	n	punnet _s
punning	v	pun _ing
puns	n	pun _s
puns	v	pun _es
punsters	n	punster _s
punted	v	punt _ed
punter	a	punt _er
punter	n	punt _er
punter	r	punt _er
punters	n	punt _er _s
punting	v	punt _ing
punts	n	punt _s
punts	v	punt _es
pupae	n	pupa _e
pupal	a	pupa _al
pupated	v	pupate _ed
pupates	v	pupate _es
pupils	n	pupil _s
pupped	v	pup _ed
puppeteers	n	puppeteer _s
puppets	n	puppet _s
pupping	v	pup _ing
puppy	a	pup _y
puppy	n	pup _y
pups	n	pup _s
pups	v	pup _es
purchasable	a	purchase _able
purchased	v	purchase _ed
purchaser	n	purchase _er
purchaser	r	purchase _er
purchaser	v	purchase _er
purchasers	n	purchase _er _s
purchases	n	purchase _s
purchases	v	purchase _es
purebreds	n	purebred _s
pureed	v	puree _ed
pureeing	v	puree _ing
purees	n	puree _s
purees	v	puree _es
purely	a	pure _ly
purely	r	pure _ly
purer	a	pure _r
purest	a	pure _st
purgatives	n	purgative _s
purgatorial	a	purgatory _al
purged	v	purge _ed
purges	n	purge _s
purges	v	purge _es
purifiers	n	purifier _s
purifying	v	purify _ing
purines	n	purine _s
purist	a	pure _ist
purist	n	pure _ist
purists	n	pure _ist _s
puritans	n	puritan _s
purity	n	pure _ity
purity	v	pure _ity
purlieus	n	purlieu _s
purling	v	purl _ing
purloined	v	purloin _ed
purloining	v	purloin _ing
purloins	v	purloin _es
purls	n	purl _s
purples	n	purple _s
purported	v	purport _ed
purporting	v	purport _ing
purports	n	purport _s
purports	v	purport _es
purposed	v	purpose _ed
purposeful	a	purpose _ful
purposeful	n	purpose _ful
purposefully	r	purpose _ful _ly
purposefully	v	purpose _ful _ly
purposeless	a	purpose _less
purposeless	n	purpose _less
purposelessness	n	purpose _less _ness
purposely	r	purpose _ly
purposes	n	purpose _s
purposes	v	purpose _es
purred	v	purr _ed
purring	v	purr _ing
purrs	n	purr _s
purrs	v	purr _es
pursed	v	purse _ed
pursers	n	purser _s
purses	n	purse _s
purses	v	purse _es
pursued	v	pursue _ed
pursuer	n	pursue _er
pursuers	n	pursue _er _s
pursues	v	pursue _es
pursuits	n	pursuit _s
purveyed	v	purvey _ed
purveying	v	purvey _ing
purveyors	n	purveyor _s
purveys	v	purvey _es
pus	n	pu _s
pushcarts	n	pushcart _s
pushchairs	n	pushchair _s
pushed	v	push _ed
pusher	n	push _er
pusher	r	push _er
pushers	n	push _er _s
pushes	n	push _s
pushes	v	push _es
pushing	v	push _ing
pushovers	n	pushover _s
pushpins	n	pushpin _s
pushy	a	push _y
pushy	n	push _y
pushy	r	push _y
pusillanimity	n	pusillanimous _ity
puss	n	pus _s
pusses	n	puss _s
pussy	a	puss _y
pussy	n	puss _y
pussy	v	puss _y
pussycats	n	pussycat _s
pussyfooting	v	pussyfoot _ing
pustules	n	pustule _s
putouts	n	putout _s
putrefying	v	putrefy _ing
puts	n	put _s
puts	v	put _es
putsches	n	putsch _s
putted	v	putt _ed
puttees	n	puttee _s
putter	n	put _er
putter	v	put _er
puttered	v	put _er _ed
puttering	v	put _er _ing
putters	n	put _er _s
putters	v	put _er _es
putting	v	put _ing
putts	n	putt _s
putts	v	putt _es
puttying	v	putty _ing
puzzled	v	puzzle _ed
puzzlement	n	puzzle _ment
puzzler	n	puzzle _er
puzzlers	n	puzzle _er _s
puzzles	n	puzzle _s
puzzles	v	puzzle _es
pyjamas	n	pyjama _s
pylons	n	pylon _s
pyramided	v	pyramid _ed
pyramiding	v	pyramid _ing
pyramids	n	pyramid _s
pyramids	v	pyramid _es
pyres	n	pyre _s
pyrimidines	n	pyrimidine _s
pyrites	n	pyrite _s
pyromaniacs	n	pyromaniac _s
pyrotechnics	n	pyrotechnic _s
pythons	n	python _s
quacked	v	quack _ed
quacking	v	quack _ing
quacks	n	quack _s
quacks	v	quack _es
quadrangles	n	quadrangle _s
quadrants	n	quadrant _s
quadrilaterals	n	quadrilateral _s
quadrilles	n	quadrille _s
quadrillions	n	quadrillion _s
quadriplegics	n	quadriplegic _s
quadrupeds	n	quadruped _s
quadrupled	v	quadruple _ed
quadruples	n	quadruple _s
quadruples	v	quadruple _es
quadruplets	n	quadruplet _s
quads	n	quad _s
quaffed	v	quaff _ed
quaffing	v	quaff _ing
quaffs	n	quaff _s
quagmires	n	quagmire _s
quahogs	n	quahog _s
quailed	v	quail _ed
quailing	v	quail _ing
quails	n	quail _s
quails	v	quail _es
quainter	a	quaint _er
quaintest	a	quaint _est
quaintly	r	quaint _ly
quaintness	n	quaint _ness
quaintness	v	quaint _ness
quaked	v	quake _ed
quakes	n	quake _s
quakes	v	quake _es
qualifications	n	qualification _s
qualifier	a	qualify _er
qualifier	n	qualify _er
qualifier	r	qualify _er
qualifiers	n	qualify _er _s
qualifying	v	qualify _ing
qualitatively	r	quality _ive _ly
qualms	n	qualm _s
quangos	n	quango _s
quantifiable	a	quantify _able
quantifiers	n	quantifier _s
quantifying	v	quantify _ing
quantitatively	r	quantity _ative _ly
quarantined	v	quarantine _ed
quarantines	n	quarantine _s
quarks	n	quark _s
quarrelled	v	quarrel _ed
quarrelling	v	quarrel _ing
quarrels	n	quarrel _s
quarrels	v	quarrel _es
quarrying	v	quarry _ing
quarterbacked	v	quarterback _ed
quarterbacking	v	quarterback _ing
quarterbacks	n	quarterback _s
quarterbacks	v	quarterback _es
quarterdecks	n	quarterdeck _s
quartered	v	quarter _ed
quarterfinals	n	quarterfinal _s
quartering	v	quarter _ing
quartermasters	n	quartermaster _s
quarters	n	quarter _s
quartets	n	quartet _s
quartos	n	quarto _s
quarts	n	quart _s
quasars	n	quasar _s
quashed	v	quash _ed
quashes	v	quash _es
quashing	v	quash _ing
quatrains	n	quatrain _s
quavered	v	quaver _ed
quavering	v	quaver _ing
quavers	n	quaver _s
quays	n	quay _s
queasiness	n	queasy _ness
queened	v	queen _ed
queening	v	queen _ing
queens	n	queen _s
queens	v	queen _es
queered	v	queer _ed
queerest	a	queer _est
queering	v	queer _ing
queerly	r	queer _ly
queers	n	queer _s
quelled	v	quell _ed
quelling	v	quell _ing
quells	v	quell _es
quenched	v	quench _ed
quenches	v	quench _es
quenching	v	quench _ing
querying	v	query _ing
quesadillas	n	quesadilla _s
quested	v	quest _ed
questing	v	quest _ing
questionable	a	quest _ion _able
questionable	n	quest _ion _able
questionable	v	quest _ion _able
questionably	r	quest _ion _able _ly
questioned	v	question _ed
questioner	a	quest _ion _er
questioner	n	quest _ion _er
questioners	n	quest _ion _er _s
questioning	v	question _ing
questioningly	n	quest _ion _ing _ly
questioningly	r	quest _ion _ing _ly
questionings	n	questioning _s
questionings	v	question _es
questionnaires	n	questionnaire _s
questions	n	question _s
questions	v	question _es
quests	n	quest _s
quests	v	quest _es
queued	v	queue _ed
queues	n	queue _s
queues	v	queue _es
quibbled	v	quibble _ed
quibbles	n	quibble _s
quibbles	v	quibble _es
quiches	n	quiche _s
quickened	v	quicken _ed
quickening	v	quicken _ing
quickens	v	quicken _es
quicker	a	quick _er
quickest	a	quick _est
quickly	r	quick _ly
quickness	n	quick _ness
quicksands	n	quicksand _s
quicksteps	n	quickstep _s
quids	n	quid _s
quieted	v	quiet _ed
quietened	v	quieten _ed
quietening	v	quieten _ing
quietens	v	quieten _es
quieter	a	quiet _er
quietest	a	quiet _est
quieting	v	quiet _ing
quietly	r	quiet _ly
quietness	a	quiet _ness
quietness	n	quiet _ness
quietness	r	quiet _ness
quietness	v	quiet _ness
quiets	n	quiet _s
quiets	v	quiet _es
quiffs	n	quiff _s
quills	n	quill _s
quilted	v	quilt _ed
quilting	v	quilt _ing
quilts	n	quilt _s
quilts	v	quilt _es
quinces	n	quince _s
quines	n	quine _s
quins	n	quin _s
quintessential	a	quintessence _al
quintessential	n	quintessence _al
quintessentially	a	quintessence _al _ly
quintessentially	r	quintessence _al _ly
quintets	n	quintet _s
quints	n	quint _s
quintupled	v	quintuple _ed
quintuples	v	quintuple _es
quintuplets	n	quintuplet _s
quipped	v	quip _ed
quipping	v	quip _ing
quips	n	quip _s
quips	v	quip _es
quires	n	quire _s
quirked	v	quirk _ed
quirks	n	quirk _s
quirks	v	quirk _es
quislings	n	quisling _s
quits	v	quit _es
quitter	n	quit _er
quitters	n	quit _er _s
quitting	v	quit _ing
quivered	v	quiver _ed
quivering	v	quiver _ing
quivers	n	quiver _s
quivers	v	quiver _es
quizzed	v	quiz _ed
quizzers	n	quizzer _s
quizzes	n	quiz _s
quizzes	v	quiz _es
quizzically	r	quizz _ic _al _ly
quizzing	v	quiz _ing
quoins	n	quoin _s
quoits	n	quoit _s
quorums	n	quorum _s
quotable	a	quote _able
quotas	n	quota _s
quotations	n	quotation _s
quoted	v	quote _ed
quotes	n	quote _s
quotes	v	quote _es
quotients	n	quotient _s
rabbets	n	rabbet _s
rabbis	n	rabbi _s
rabbited	v	rabbit _ed
rabbiting	v	rabbit _ing
rabbits	n	rabbit _s
rabbits	v	rabbit _es
rabbles	n	rabble _s
racecourses	n	racecourse _s
raced	v	race _ed
racehorses	n	racehorse _s
racemes	n	raceme _s
racer	a	race _er
racer	n	race _er
racer	v	race _er
racers	n	race _er _s
races	n	race _s
races	v	race _es
racetracks	n	racetrack _s
raceways	n	raceway _s
racialist	a	racial _ism _ist
racialist	n	racial _ism _ist
racialists	n	racial _ism _ist _s
racially	r	race _al _ly
racist	a	racism _ist
racist	n	racism _ist
racist	v	racism _ist
racists	n	racism _ist _s
racked	v	rack _ed
racketeered	v	racketeer _ed
racketeering	v	racketeer _ing
racketeers	n	racketeer _s
racketing	v	racket _ing
rackets	n	racket _s
rackets	v	racket _es
racking	v	rack _ing
racks	n	rack _s
racks	v	rack _es
raconteurs	n	raconteur _s
racquets	n	racquet _s
racy	a	race _y
racy	n	race _y
racy	v	race _y
radars	n	radar _s
raddled	v	raddle _ed
radial	a	radius _al
radial	n	radius _al
radially	r	radius _al _ly
radials	n	radius _al _s
radians	n	radian _s
radiantly	r	radiant _ly
radiated	v	radiate _ed
radiates	v	radiate _es
radiations	n	radiation _s
radiators	n	radiator _s
radicalize	v	radical _ize
radicalized	v	radical _ize _ed
radicalizes	v	radical _ize _es
radically	a	radical _ly
radically	r	radical _ly
radically	v	radical _ly
radicals	n	radical _s
radioactively	r	radioactive _ly
radioactivity	n	radioactive _ity
radioed	v	radio _ed
radiograms	n	radiogram _s
radiographers	n	radiographer _s
radioing	v	radio _ing
radioisotopes	n	radioisotope _s
radiologist	n	radiology _ist
radiologists	n	radiology _ist _s
radiometers	n	radiometer _s
radios	n	radio _s
radios	v	radio _es
radiotherapists	n	radiotherapy _ist _s
radishes	n	radish _s
rads	n	rad _s
raffled	v	raffle _ed
raffles	n	raffle _s
raffles	v	raffle _es
rafted	v	raft _ed
rafters	n	rafter _s
rafters	v	rafter _es
rafting	v	raft _ing
rafts	n	raft _s
rafts	v	raft _es
ragamuffins	n	ragamuffin _s
raged	v	rage _ed
rages	n	rage _s
rages	v	rage _es
ragged	v	rag _ed
raggedly	r	rag _ed _ly
ragging	v	rag _ing
raging	v	rag _ing
raglans	n	raglan _s
ragouts	n	ragout _s
rags	n	rag _s
rags	v	rag _es
raided	v	raid _ed
raider	n	raid _er
raider	v	raid _er
raiders	n	raid _er _s
raiding	v	raid _ing
raids	n	raid _s
raids	v	raid _es
railed	v	rail _ed
railing	v	rail _ing
railings	n	railing _s
railings	v	rail _es
railroaded	v	railroad _ed
railroaders	n	railroader _s
railroading	v	railroad _ing
railroads	n	railroad _s
railroads	v	railroad _es
rails	n	rail _s
rails	v	rail _es
railways	n	railway _s
rainbows	n	rainbow _s
raincoats	n	raincoat _s
raindrops	n	raindrop _s
rained	v	rain _ed
rainfalls	n	rainfall _s
raining	v	rain _ing
rainmakers	n	rainmaker _s
rains	n	rain _s
rains	v	rain _es
rainstorms	n	rainstorm _s
rainy	a	rain _y
rainy	n	rain _y
rainy	v	rain _y
raised	v	raise _ed
raisers	n	raiser _s
raises	n	raise _s
raises	v	raise _es
raisins	n	raisin _s
raked	v	rake _ed
rakes	n	rake _s
rakes	v	rake _es
rallying	v	rally _ing
rambled	v	ramble _ed
rambler	n	ramble _er
rambler	v	ramble _er
ramblers	n	ramble _er _s
rambles	n	ramble _s
rambles	v	ramble _es
ramekins	n	ramekin _s
ramifications	n	ramification _s
ramifying	v	ramify _ing
ramjets	n	ramjet _s
rammed	v	ram _ed
ramming	v	ram _ing
rampaged	v	rampage _ed
rampages	n	rampage _s
rampages	v	rampage _es
rampantly	r	ramp _ant _ly
ramparts	n	rampart _s
ramping	v	ramp _ing
ramps	n	ramp _s
ramps	v	ramp _es
ramrods	n	ramrod _s
rams	n	ram _s
rams	v	ram _es
ranched	v	ranch _ed
rancher	a	ranch _er
rancher	n	ranch _er
rancher	v	ranch _er
ranchers	n	ranch _er _s
ranches	n	ranch _s
ranches	v	ranch _es
ranching	v	ranch _ing
rancorous	a	rancour _ous
randomized	v	randomize _ed
randomizes	v	randomize _es
randomly	a	random _ly
randomly	n	random _ly
randomly	r	random _ly
randomly	v	random _ly
randomness	a	random _ness
randomness	n	random _ness
randomness	v	random _ness
ranged	v	range _ed
rangefinders	n	rangefinder _s
ranger	a	range _er
ranger	n	range _er
ranger	r	range _er
rangers	n	range _er _s
ranges	n	range _s
ranges	v	range _es
ranked	v	rank _ed
ranker	n	rank _er
rankest	a	rank _est
ranking	v	rank _ing
rankings	n	ranking _s
rankings	v	rank _es
rankled	v	rankle _ed
rankles	v	rankle _es
ranks	n	rank _s
ranks	v	rank _es
ransacked	v	ransack _ed
ransacking	v	ransack _ing
ransacks	v	ransack _es
ransomed	v	ransom _ed
ransoming	v	ransom _ing
ransoms	n	ransom _s
ransoms	v	ransom _es
ranted	v	rant _ed
ranters	n	rant _er _s
ranting	v	rant _ing
rantings	n	ranting _s
rants	n	rant _s
rants	v	rant _es
rapacity	n	rapacious _ity
raped	v	rape _ed
rapers	n	raper _s
rapes	n	rape _s
rapes	v	rap _es
rapidity	n	rapid _ity
rapidly	a	rapid _ly
rapidly	r	rapid _ly
rapids	n	rapid _s
rapiers	n	rapier _s
raping	v	rape _ing
rapists	n	rapist _s
rapped	v	rap _ed
rappelled	v	rappel _ed
rappelling	v	rappel _ing
rappels	n	rappel _s
rappels	v	rappel _es
rappers	n	rapper _s
rapping	v	rap _ing
rapporteurs	n	rapporteur _s
rapports	n	rapport _s
rapprochements	n	rapprochement _s
raps	n	rap _s
raps	v	rap _es
rapscallions	n	rapscallion _s
raptors	n	raptor _s
raptures	n	rapture _s
rapturous	a	rapture _ous
rapturously	r	rapture _ous _ly
rarebits	n	rarebit _s
rarefaction	n	rarefy _ion
rarely	a	rare _ly
rarely	n	rare _ly
rarely	r	rare _ly
rarer	a	rare _r
rarest	a	rare _st
rarity	n	rare _ity
rascals	n	rascal _s
rasher	a	rash _er
rashers	n	rasher _s
rashes	n	rash _s
rashly	a	rash _ly
rashly	n	rash _ly
rashly	r	rash _ly
rashly	v	rash _ly
rashness	n	rash _ness
rasped	v	rasp _ed
rasping	v	rasp _ing
rasps	n	rasp _s
rasps	v	rasp _es
ratcheted	v	ratchet _ed
ratcheting	v	ratchet _ing
ratchets	n	ratchet _s
ratchets	v	ratchet _es
rated	v	rate _ed
ratepayers	n	ratepayer _s
rates	n	rate _s
rates	v	rate _es
ratifiers	n	ratifier _s
ratifying	v	ratify _ing
rating	v	rat _ing
ratings	n	rating _s
ratings	v	rat _es
rationales	n	rationale _s
rationalist	a	rational _ism _ist
rationalist	n	rational _ism _ist
rationalistic	a	rational _ist _ic
rationalists	n	rational _ism _ist _s
rationality	a	rational _ity
rationality	n	rational _ity
rationality	v	rational _ity
rationalizations	n	rationalization _s
rationalized	v	rationalize _ed
rationalizes	v	rationalize _es
rationally	r	rational _ly
rationally	v	rational _ly
rationed	v	ration _ed
rationing	v	ration _ing
rations	n	ration _s
rations	v	ration _es
ratios	n	ratio _s
rats	n	rat _s
rats	v	rat _es
rattans	n	rattan _s
ratted	v	rat _ed
ratter	n	rat _er
ratters	n	rat _er _s
ratting	v	rat _ing
rattled	v	rattle _ed
rattler	n	rattle _er
rattlers	n	rattle _er _s
rattles	n	rattle _s
rattles	v	rattle _es
rattlesnakes	n	rattlesnake _s
rattlings	n	rattling _s
ratty	a	rat _y
ratty	n	rat _y
ratty	r	rat _y
ratty	v	rat _y
raucously	r	raucous _ly
ravaged	v	ravage _ed
ravages	n	ravage _s
ravages	v	ravage _es
raved	v	rave _ed
ravelled	v	ravel _ed
ravelling	v	ravel _ing
ravels	n	ravel _s
ravels	v	ravel _es
ravened	v	raven _ed
ravening	v	raven _ing
ravenous	a	raven _ous
ravenously	r	raven _ous _ly
ravens	n	raven _s
ravens	v	raven _es
raver	n	rave _er
raver	r	rave _er
ravers	n	rave _er _s
raves	v	rave _es
ravines	n	ravine _s
ravings	n	raving _s
raviolis	n	ravioli _s
ravished	v	ravish _ed
ravishers	n	ravisher _s
ravishes	v	ravish _es
ravishing	v	ravish _ing
ravishingly	r	ravishing _ly
ravishingly	v	ravishing _ly
rawer	a	raw _er
rawest	a	raw _est
rawness	n	raw _ness
rays	n	ray _s
rays	v	ray _es
razed	v	raze _ed
razes	v	raze _es
razorbacks	n	razorback _s
razors	n	razor _s
razzed	v	razz _ed
razzes	n	razz _s
razzes	v	razz _es
razzing	v	razz _ing
reabsorbed	v	reabsorb _ed
reabsorbing	v	reabsorb _ing
reabsorbs	v	reabsorb _es
reached	v	reach _ed
reaches	n	reach _s
reaches	v	reach _es
reaching	v	reach _ing
reacquainted	v	reacquaint _ed
reacquainting	v	reacquaint _ing
reacquaints	v	reacquaint _es
react	a	re_ act
react	n	re_ act
react	v	re_ act
reactants	n	reactant _s
reacted	v	re_ act _ed
reacting	v	re_ act _ing
reactions	n	reaction _s
reactivate	n	re_ activate
reactivate	v	re_ activate
reactivated	v	re_ activate _ed
reactivates	v	re_ activate _es
reactors	n	reactor _s
reacts	v	re_ act _es
readability	n	read _able _ity
readable	a	read _able
readable	n	read _able
readable	v	read _able
readdress	v	re_ address
reader	a	read _er
reader	n	read _er
reader	v	read _er
readers	n	read _er _s
readerships	n	readership _s
readily	a	ready _ly
readily	n	ready _ly
readily	r	ready _ly
readily	v	ready _ly
readiness	a	ready _ness
readiness	n	ready _ness
readiness	v	ready _ness
reading	v	read _ing
readings	n	reading _s
readings	v	read _es
readjust	n	re_ adjust
readjust	v	re_ adjust
readjusted	v	re_ adjust _ed
readjusting	v	re_ adjust _ing
readjustment	n	re_ adjust _ment
readjustment	v	re_ adjust _ment
readjustments	n	re_ adjust _ment _s
readjusts	v	re_ adjust _es
readouts	n	readout _s
reads	n	read _s
reads	v	read _es
readying	v	ready _ing
reaffirm	n	re_ affirm
reaffirm	v	re_ affirm
reaffirmations	n	reaffirmation _s
reaffirmed	v	re_ affirm _ed
reaffirming	v	re_ affirm _ing
reaffirms	v	re_ affirm _es
reagents	n	reagent _s
realer	a	real _er
realest	a	real _est
realign	a	re_ align
realign	n	re_ align
realign	v	re_ align
realigned	v	re_ align _ed
realigning	v	re_ align _ing
realignment	a	re_ align _ment
realignment	n	re_ align _ment
realignment	v	re_ align _ment
realigns	v	re_ align _es
realist	a	real _ism _ist
realist	n	real _ism _ist
realistic	a	real _ism _ist _ic
realistic	n	real _ism _ist _ic
realistic	v	real _ism _ist _ic
realists	n	real _ism _ist _s
reality	n	real _ity
reality	v	real _ity
realizable	a	real _ize _able
realizations	n	realization _s
realize	a	real _ize
realize	n	real _ize
realize	v	real _ize
realized	v	real _ize _ed
realizes	v	real _ize _es
reallocated	v	reallocate _ed
reallocates	v	reallocate _es
really	r	real _ly
realms	n	realm _s
reals	n	real _s
reamed	v	ream _ed
reamers	n	reamer _s
reaming	v	ream _ing
reams	n	ream _s
reams	v	ream _es
reanimate	v	re_ animate
reanimated	v	re_ animate _ed
reanimates	v	re_ animate _es
reaped	v	reap _ed
reaper	n	reap _er
reapers	n	reap _er _s
reaping	v	reap _ing
reappear	a	re_ appear
reappear	n	re_ appear
reappear	r	re_ appear
reappear	v	re_ appear
reappearances	n	reappearance _s
reappeared	v	re_ appear _ed
reappearing	v	re_ appear _ing
reappears	v	re_ appear _es
reapportioned	v	re _apportion _ed
reapportioning	v	re _apportion _ing
reappraisals	n	re _appraisal _s
reappraised	v	re _appraise _ed
reappraises	v	re _appraise _es
reaps	v	reap _es
reared	v	rear _ed
rearguards	n	rearguard _s
rearing	v	rear _ing
rearm	n	re_ arm
rearm	v	re_ arm
rearmament	n	re_ arm _ment
rearmament	v	re_ arm _ment
rearmed	v	re_ arm _ed
rearming	v	re_ arm _ing
rearrange	n	re_ arrange
rearrange	v	re_ arrange
rearranged	v	re_ arrange _ed
rearrangement	a	re_ arrange _ment
rearrangement	n	re_ arrange _ment
rearrangements	n	re_ arrange _ment _s
rearranges	v	re_ arrange _es
rears	n	rear _s
rears	v	rear _es
rearwards	n	rearward _s
reasonable	a	reason _able
reasonable	n	reason _able
reasonable	v	reason _able
reasonableness	a	reason _able _ness
reasonableness	n	reason _able _ness
reasonably	a	reason _able _ly
reasonably	n	reason _able _ly
reasonably	r	reason _able _ly
reasonably	v	reason _able _ly
reasoned	v	reason _ed
reasoner	n	reason _er
reasoning	v	reason _ing
reasons	n	reason _s
reassembled	v	re _assemble _ed
reassembles	v	re _assemble _es
reasserted	v	re _assert _ed
reasserting	v	re _assert _ing
reasserts	v	re _assert _es
reassessed	v	re _assess _ed
reassesses	v	re _assess _es
reassessing	v	re _assess _ing
reassessments	n	re _assessment _s
reassigned	v	re _assign _ed
reassigning	v	re _assign _ing
reassignments	n	re _assignment _s
reassigns	v	re _assign _es
reassurances	n	re _assurance _s
reassure	n	re_ assure
reassure	v	re_ assure
reassured	v	re_ assure _ed
reassures	v	re_ assure _es
reawakened	v	re _awaken _ed
reawakening	v	re _awaken _ing
reawakens	v	re _awaken _es
rebated	v	rebate _ed
rebates	n	rebate _s
rebates	v	rebate _es
rebelled	v	rebel _ed
rebelling	v	rebel _ing
rebellion	n	rebel _ion
rebellion	v	rebel _ion
rebellions	n	rebel _ion _s
rebellious	a	rebel _ous
rebelliously	r	rebel _ous _ly
rebelliousness	n	rebel _ous _ness
rebels	n	rebel _s
rebels	v	rebel _es
rebinding	v	re_ bind _ing
rebirths	n	rebirth _s
rebooted	v	reboot _ed
rebooting	v	reboot _ing
reboots	v	reboot _es
rebound	n	re_ bound
rebound	v	re_ bound
rebounded	v	re_ bound _ed
rebounding	v	re_ bound _ing
rebounds	n	re_ bound _s
rebounds	v	re_ bound _es
rebroadcasting	v	re _broadcast _ing
rebroadcasts	n	re _broadcast _s
rebroadcasts	v	re _broadcast _es
rebuffed	v	rebuff _ed
rebuffing	v	rebuff _ing
rebuffs	n	rebuff _s
rebuffs	v	rebuff _es
rebuild	a	re_ build
rebuild	n	re_ build
rebuild	v	re_ build
rebuilding	v	re_ build _ing
rebuilds	v	re_ build _es
rebuked	v	rebuke _ed
rebukes	n	rebuke _s
rebukes	v	rebuke _es
reburials	n	reburial _s
reburying	v	rebury _ing
rebuses	n	rebus _s
rebut	n	re_ butt
rebut	v	re_ butt
rebuts	v	re_ butt _es
rebuttals	n	rebuttal _s
rebutted	v	rebut _ed
rebutting	v	rebut _ing
recalculated	v	recalculate _ed
recalculates	v	recalculate _es
recalculations	n	recalculation _s
recall	a	re_ call
recall	n	re_ call
recall	o	re_ call
recall	r	re_ call
recall	v	re_ call
recalled	v	re_ call _ed
recalling	v	re_ call _ing
recalls	n	re_ call _s
recalls	v	re_ call _es
recantations	n	recantation _s
recanted	v	recant _ed
recanting	v	recant _ing
recants	v	recant _es
recapitulate	n	re_ capitulate
recapitulate	v	re_ capitulate
recapitulated	v	re_ capitulate _ed
recapitulates	v	re_ capitulate _es
recapitulation	n	re_ capitulate _ion
recapitulations	n	re_ capitulate _ion _s
recapped	v	recap _ed
recapping	v	recap _ing
recaps	n	recap _s
recaps	v	recap _es
recapture	n	re_ capture
recapture	v	re_ capture
recaptured	v	re_ capture _ed
recaptures	n	re_ capture _s
recaptures	v	re_ capture _es
recast	a	re_ cast
recast	n	re_ cast
recast	r	re_ cast
recast	v	re_ cast
recasting	v	re_ cast _ing
recasts	v	re_ cast _es
recces	n	recce _s
receded	v	recede _ed
recedes	v	recede _es
receipted	v	receipt _ed
receipts	n	receipt _s
receipts	v	receipt _es
receivable	a	receive _able
receivable	n	receive _able
receivable	v	receive _able
received	v	receive _ed
receiver	a	receive _er
receiver	n	receive _er
receiver	r	receive _er
receiver	v	receive _er
receivers	n	receive _er _s
receives	v	receive _es
recently	r	recent _ly
receptacles	n	receptacle _s
receptionist	a	receive _ion _ist
receptionist	n	receive _ion _ist
receptionist	v	receive _ion _ist
receptionists	n	receive _ion _ist _s
receptions	n	reception _s
receptiveness	n	receptive _ness
receptivity	n	reception _ive _ity
receptors	n	receptor _s
recessed	v	recess _ed
recesses	n	recess _s
recesses	v	recess _es
recessing	v	recess _ing
recession	n	recede _ion
recessional	a	recede _ion _al
recessional	n	recede _ion _al
recessionals	n	recede _ion _al _s
recessions	n	recede _ion _s
recharge	n	re_ charge
recharge	v	re_ charge
recharged	v	re_ charge _ed
recharges	v	re_ charge _es
recidivist	a	recidivism _ist
recidivist	n	recidivism _ist
recidivists	n	recidivism _ist _s
recipes	n	recipe _s
recipients	n	recipient _s
reciprocally	r	reciprocal _ly
reciprocals	n	reciprocal _s
reciprocated	v	reciprocate _ed
reciprocates	v	reciprocate _es
reciprocity	n	reciprocal _ity
recitalists	n	recitalist _s
recitals	n	recital _s
recitations	n	recitation _s
recitatives	n	recitative _s
recite	a	re_ cite
recite	n	re_ cite
recite	v	re_ cite
recited	v	re_ cite _ed
reciter	n	re_ cite _er
reciter	v	re_ cite _er
reciters	n	re_ cite _er _s
recites	v	re_ cite _es
recklessly	r	reck _less _ly
recklessness	a	reck _less _ness
recklessness	n	reck _less _ness
recklessness	v	reck _less _ness
reckoned	v	reckon _ed
reckoning	v	reckon _ing
reckonings	n	reckoning _s
reckonings	v	reckon _es
reckons	v	reckon _es
reclaim	n	re_ claim
reclaim	v	re_ claim
reclaimed	v	re_ claim _ed
reclaiming	v	re_ claim _ing
reclaims	v	re_ claim _es
reclassifying	v	reclassify _ing
reclined	v	recline _ed
recliners	n	recliner _s
reclines	v	recline _es
recluses	n	recluse _s
recognizable	a	recognize _able
recognizable	n	recognize _able
recognizable	v	recognize _able
recognizably	n	recognition _ize _able _ly
recognizably	r	recognition _ize _able _ly
recognizably	v	recognition _ize _able _ly
recognized	v	recognize _ed
recognizes	v	recognize _es
recoil	n	re_ coil
recoil	v	re_ coil
recoiled	v	re_ coil _ed
recoiling	v	re_ coil _ing
recoils	n	re_ coil _s
recoils	v	re_ coil _es
recollect	a	re_ collect
recollect	n	re_ collect
recollect	v	re_ collect
recollected	v	re_ collect _ed
recollecting	v	re_ collect _ing
recollections	n	recollection _s
recollects	v	re_ collect _es
recombined	v	recombine _ed
recombines	v	recombine _es
recommenced	v	recommence _ed
recommences	v	recommence _es
recommend	a	re_ commend
recommend	n	re_ commend
recommend	v	re_ commend
recommendations	n	recommendation _s
recommended	v	re_ commend _ed
recommending	v	re_ commend _ing
recommends	v	re_ commend _es
recommits	v	recommit _es
recommitted	v	recommit _ed
recommitting	v	recommit _ing
recompensed	v	recompense _ed
recompenses	n	recompense _s
recompenses	v	recompense _es
reconcilable	a	reconcile _able
reconciled	v	reconcile _ed
reconciles	v	reconcile _es
reconciliations	n	reconciliation _s
recondition	v	re_ condition
reconditioned	v	re_ condition _ed
reconditioning	v	re_ condition _ing
reconfirmed	v	reconfirm _ed
reconfirming	v	reconfirm _ing
reconfirms	v	reconfirm _es
reconnaissances	n	reconnaissance _s
reconnoitred	v	reconnoitre _ed
reconquered	v	reconquer _ed
reconquering	v	reconquer _ing
reconsecrated	v	reconsecrate _ed
reconsider	n	re_ consider
reconsider	v	re_ consider
reconsidered	v	re_ consider _ed
reconsidering	v	re_ consider _ing
reconsiders	v	re_ consider _es
reconstitute	n	re_ constitute
reconstitute	v	re_ constitute
reconstituted	v	re_ constitute _ed
reconstitutes	v	re_ constitute _es
reconstruct	n	re_ construct
reconstruct	v	re_ construct
reconstructed	v	re_ construct _ed
reconstructing	v	re_ construct _ing
reconstruction	a	re_ construct _ion
reconstruction	n	re_ construct _ion
reconstruction	v	re_ construct _ion
reconstructions	n	re_ construct _ion _s
reconstructs	v	re_ construct _es
reconvened	v	reconvene _ed
reconvenes	v	reconvene _es
reconverted	v	reconvert _ed
reconverting	v	reconvert _ing
recopying	v	recopy _ing
recorded	v	record _ed
recorder	n	record _er
recorder	v	record _er
recorders	n	record _er _s
recording	v	record _ing
recordings	n	recording _s
recordings	v	record _es
records	n	record _s
records	v	record _es
recount	n	re_ count
recount	v	re_ count
recounted	v	re_ count _ed
recounting	v	re_ count _ing
recounts	n	re_ count _s
recounts	v	re_ count _es
recouped	v	recoup _ed
recouping	v	recoup _ing
recoups	v	recoup _es
recoverable	a	recover _able
recoverable	n	recover _able
recoverable	v	recover _able
recovered	v	recover _ed
recovering	v	recover _ing
recovers	v	recover _es
recreate	n	re_ create
recreate	v	re_ create
recreated	v	re_ create _ed
recreates	v	re_ create _es
recreational	a	re_ create _ion _al
recreational	n	re_ create _ion _al
recreations	n	recreation _s
recriminations	n	recrimination _s
recruited	v	recruit _ed
recruiters	n	recruiter _s
recruiting	v	recruit _ing
recruitment	a	recruit _ment
recruitment	n	recruit _ment
recruitment	v	recruit _ment
recruits	n	recruit _s
recruits	v	recruit _es
rectal	a	rectum _al
rectal	n	rectum _al
rectangles	n	rectangle _s
rectifications	n	rectification _s
rectifier	a	rectify _er
rectifier	n	rectify _er
rectifier	v	rectify _er
rectifiers	n	rectify _er _s
rectifying	v	rectify _ing
rectors	n	rector _s
rectums	n	rectum _s
recuperated	v	recuperate _ed
recuperates	v	recuperate _es
recurred	v	recur _ed
recurrences	n	recurrence _s
recurrently	r	re_ current _ly
recurring	v	recur _ing
recurs	v	recur _es
recused	v	recuse _ed
recuses	v	recuse _es
recycle	n	re_ cycle
recycle	v	re_ cycle
recycled	v	re_ cycle _ed
recycles	v	re_ cycle _es
redacted	v	redact _ed
redacting	v	redact _ing
redaction	n	redact _ion
redacts	n	redact _s
redacts	v	redact _es
redbirds	n	redbird _s
redbreasts	n	redbreast _s
redcaps	n	redcap _s
redcoats	n	redcoat _s
reddened	v	redden _ed
reddening	v	redden _ing
reddens	v	redden _es
redder	a	red _er
reddest	a	red _est
redecorate	n	re_ decorate
redecorate	v	re_ decorate
redecorated	v	re_ decorate _ed
redecorates	v	re_ decorate _es
rededicated	v	rededicate _ed
rededicates	v	rededicate _es
redeemable	a	redeem _able
redeemable	n	redeem _able
redeemed	v	redeem _ed
redeemers	n	redeemer _s
redeeming	v	redeem _ing
redeems	v	redeem _es
redefined	v	redefine _ed
redefines	v	redefine _es
redeploy	v	re_ deploy
redeployed	v	re_ deploy _ed
redeploying	v	re_ deploy _ing
redeployment	n	re_ deploy _ment
redeployment	v	re_ deploy _ment
redeploys	v	re_ deploy _es
redeposited	v	redeposit _ed
redepositing	v	redeposit _ing
redesigned	v	redesign _ed
redesigning	v	redesign _ing
redesigns	v	redesign _es
redetermined	v	redetermine _ed
redeveloped	v	redevelop _ed
redeveloping	v	redevelop _ing
redevelopments	n	redevelopment _s
redevelops	v	redevelop _es
redheads	n	redhead _s
redirect	v	re_ direct
redirected	v	re_ direct _ed
redirecting	v	re_ direct _ing
redirects	v	re_ direct _es
rediscovered	v	rediscover _ed
rediscovering	v	rediscover _ing
rediscovers	v	rediscover _es
redistribute	n	re_ distribute
redistribute	v	re_ distribute
redistributed	v	re_ distribute _ed
redistributes	v	re_ distribute _es
redistribution	n	re_ distribute _ion
redistribution	v	re_ distribute _ion
rednecks	n	redneck _s
redness	a	red _ness
redness	n	red _ness
redo	n	re_ do
redo	v	re_ do
redoes	v	re_ do _es
redoing	v	re_ do _ing
redone	v	re_ do _ne
redouble	a	re_ double
redouble	v	re_ double
redoubled	v	re_ double _ed
redoubles	v	re_ double _es
redoubts	n	redoubt _s
redounded	v	redound _ed
redounds	v	redound _es
redress	a	re_ dress
redress	n	re_ dress
redress	v	re_ dress
redressed	v	re_ dress _ed
redresses	v	re_ dress _es
redressing	v	re_ dress _ing
reds	n	red _s
redskins	n	redskin _s
reduced	v	reduce _ed
reducers	n	reducer _s
reduces	v	reduce _es
reductions	n	reduction _s
redundantly	r	redundant _ly
reduplicate	v	re_ duplicate
reduplicated	v	re_ duplicate _ed
reduplicates	v	re_ duplicate _es
redwoods	n	redwood _s
reeds	n	reed _s
reedy	a	reed _y
reedy	n	reed _y
reefed	v	reef _ed
reefer	n	reef _er
reefer	v	reef _er
reefers	n	reef _er _s
reefing	v	reef _ing
reefs	n	reef _s
reefs	v	reef _es
reeked	v	reek _ed
reeking	v	reek _ing
reeks	n	reek _s
reeks	v	reek _es
reelected	v	reelect _ed
reelecting	v	reelect _ing
reelections	n	reelection _s
reeled	v	reel _ed
reeling	v	reel _ing
reels	n	reel _s
reels	v	reel _es
reenacted	v	reenact _ed
reenacting	v	reenact _ing
reenactments	n	reenactment _s
reenacts	v	reenact _es
reestablished	v	reestablish _ed
reestablishes	v	reestablish _es
reestablishing	v	reestablish _ing
reevaluated	v	reevaluate _ed
reevaluates	v	reevaluate _es
reevaluations	n	reevaluation _s
reeves	v	reeve _es
reexaminations	n	reexamination _s
reexamined	v	reexamine _ed
reexamines	v	reexamine _es
reface	n	re_ face
refaced	v	reface _ed
refashion	v	re_ fashion
refashioned	v	re_ fashion _ed
refashioning	v	re_ fashion _ing
refashions	v	re_ fashion _es
refereed	v	referee _ed
refereeing	v	referee _ing
referees	n	referee _s
referees	v	referee _es
referenced	v	reference _ed
references	n	reference _s
references	v	reference _es
referendums	n	referendum _s
referential	a	reference _al
referential	n	reference _al
referents	n	referent _s
referrals	n	referral _s
referred	v	refer _ed
referring	v	refer _ing
refers	v	refer _es
refill	a	re_ fill
refill	n	re_ fill
refill	v	re_ fill
refilled	v	re_ fill _ed
refilling	v	re_ fill _ing
refills	n	re_ fill _s
refills	v	re_ fill _es
refinanced	v	refinance _ed
refine	n	re_ fine
refine	v	re_ fine
refined	v	re_ fine _ed
refinement	a	re_ fine _ment
refinement	n	re_ fine _ment
refinement	v	re_ fine _ment
refinements	n	re_ fine _ment _s
refiner	n	re_ fine _er
refiners	n	re_ fine _er _s
refines	v	re_ fine _es
refinished	v	refinish _ed
refinishing	v	refinish _ing
refit	n	re_ fit
refit	v	re_ fit
refits	n	re_ fit _s
refits	v	re_ fit _es
refitted	v	re_ fit _ed
refitting	v	re_ fit _ing
reflate	v	re_ inflate
reflected	v	reflect _ed
reflecting	v	reflect _ing
reflections	n	reflection _s
reflectively	r	reflect _ive _ly
reflectors	n	reflector _s
reflects	v	reflect _es
reflexes	n	reflex _s
refocused	v	refocus _ed
refocuses	v	refocus _es
refocusing	v	refocus _ing
reforest	v	re_ forest
reforested	v	re_ forest _ed
reforesting	v	re_ forest _ing
reforged	v	reforge _ed
reforges	v	reforge _es
reform	a	re_ form
reform	n	re_ form
reform	v	re_ form
reformations	n	reformation _s
reformed	v	re_ form _ed
reformer	a	re_ form _er
reformer	n	re_ form _er
reformer	v	re_ form _er
reformers	n	re_ form _er _s
reforming	v	re_ form _ing
reformists	n	reformist _s
reforms	n	re_ form _s
reforms	v	re_ form _es
reformulated	v	reformulate _ed
reformulates	v	reformulate _es
refracted	v	refract _ed
refracting	v	refract _ing
refracts	v	refract _es
refrained	v	refrain _ed
refraining	v	refrain _ing
refrains	n	refrain _s
refrains	v	refrain _es
refreshed	v	refresh _ed
refresher	a	re_ fresh _er
refresher	n	re_ fresh _er
refreshers	n	re_ fresh _er _s
refreshes	v	refresh _es
refreshing	v	refresh _ing
refreshingly	r	re_ fresh _ing _ly
refreshment	a	refresh _ment
refreshment	n	refresh _ment
refreshment	v	refresh _ment
refreshments	n	refresh _ment _s
refrigerants	n	refrigerant _s
refrigerated	v	refrigerate _ed
refrigerators	n	refrigerator _s
refs	n	ref _s
refuel	n	re_ fuel
refuel	v	re_ fuel
refuelled	v	re_ fuel _ed
refuelling	v	re_ fuel _ing
refuels	v	re_ fuel _es
refugees	n	refugee _s
refuges	n	refuge _s
refund	n	re_ fund
refund	v	re_ fund
refunded	v	re_ fund _ed
refunding	v	re_ fund _ing
refunds	n	re_ fund _s
refunds	v	re_ fund _es
refurbish	a	re_ furbish
refurbish	n	re_ furbish
refurbish	v	re_ furbish
refurbished	v	re_ furbish _ed
refurbishes	v	re_ furbish _es
refurbishing	v	re_ furbish _ing
refurbishments	n	refurbishment _s
refurnished	v	refurnish _ed
refurnishing	v	refurnish _ing
refusals	n	refusal _s
refused	v	refuse _ed
refuses	n	refuse _s
refuses	v	refuse _es
refutable	a	refute _able
refutations	n	refutation _s
refuted	v	refute _ed
refutes	v	refute _es
regain	a	re_ gain
regain	n	re_ gain
regain	v	re_ gain
regained	v	re_ gain _ed
regaining	v	re_ gain _ing
regains	v	re_ gain _es
regaled	v	regale _ed
regales	v	regale _es
regally	r	regal _ly
regarded	v	regard _ed
regarding	v	regard _ing
regards	n	regard _s
regards	v	regard _es
regattas	n	regatta _s
regenerate	n	re_ generate
regenerate	v	re_ generate
regenerated	v	re_ generate _ed
regenerates	v	re_ generate _es
regents	n	regent _s
regicides	n	regicide _s
regimens	n	regimen _s
regimental	a	regiment _al
regimental	n	regiment _al
regimented	v	regiment _ed
regimenting	v	regiment _ing
regiments	n	regiment _s
regiments	v	regiment _es
regimes	n	regime _s
regional	a	region _al
regionally	n	region _al _ly
regionally	r	region _al _ly
regions	n	region _s
registered	v	register _ed
registering	v	register _ing
registers	n	register _s
registers	v	register _es
registrants	n	registrant _s
registrars	n	registrar _s
registrations	n	registration _s
regressed	v	regress _ed
regresses	n	regress _s
regresses	v	regress _es
regressing	v	regress _ing
regressions	n	regression _s
regretful	a	regret _ful
regretful	n	regret _ful
regretfully	r	regret _ful _ly
regretfully	v	regret _ful _ly
regrets	n	regret _s
regrets	v	regret _es
regrettable	a	regret _able
regrettable	n	regret _able
regrettable	v	regret _able
regrettably	n	regret _able _ly
regrettably	r	regret _able _ly
regretted	v	regret _ed
regretting	v	regret _ing
regroup	n	re_ group
regroup	r	re_ group
regroup	v	re_ group
regrouped	v	re_ group _ed
regrouping	v	re_ group _ing
regroups	v	re_ group _es
regrowing	v	regrow _ing
regrows	v	regrow _es
regularity	n	regular _ity
regularize	v	regular _ize
regularized	v	regular _ize _ed
regularizes	v	regular _ize _es
regularly	a	regular _ly
regularly	n	regular _ly
regularly	r	regular _ly
regularly	v	regular _ly
regulars	n	regular _s
regulated	v	regulate _ed
regulates	v	regulate _es
regulations	n	regulation _s
regulators	n	regulator _s
regurgitated	v	regurgitate _ed
regurgitates	v	regurgitate _es
rehabilitate	n	re_ habilitate
rehabilitate	v	re_ habilitate
rehabilitated	v	re_ habilitate _ed
rehabilitates	v	re_ habilitate _es
rehabilitation	n	re_ habilitate _ion
rehash	n	re_ hash
rehash	v	re_ hash
rehashed	v	re_ hash _ed
rehashes	n	re_ hash _s
rehashes	v	re_ hash _es
rehashing	v	re_ hash _ing
rehear	v	re_ hear
reheard	v	re_ hear _ed
rehearing	v	re_ hear _ing
rehearings	n	rehearing _s
rehearsals	n	rehearsal _s
rehearsed	v	rehearse _ed
rehearses	v	rehearse _es
reheated	v	reheat _ed
reheating	v	reheat _ing
reheats	v	reheat _es
rehouse	v	re_ house
rehoused	v	re_ house _ed
rehouses	v	re_ house _es
reigned	v	reign _ed
reigning	v	reign _ing
reignited	v	reignite _ed
reignites	v	reignite _es
reigns	n	reign _s
reigns	v	reign _es
reimbursed	v	reimburse _ed
reimbursement	a	reimburse _ment
reimbursement	n	reimburse _ment
reimbursement	v	reimburse _ment
reimbursements	n	reimburse _ment _s
reimburses	v	reimburse _es
reimposed	v	reimpose _ed
reimposes	v	reimpose _es
reincarnate	v	re_ incarnate
reincarnated	v	re_ incarnate _ed
reincarnates	v	re_ incarnate _es
reincarnation	n	re_ incarnate _ion
reincarnations	n	re_ incarnate _ion _s
reined	v	rein _ed
reinforce	a	re_ enforce
reinforce	n	re_ enforce
reinforce	v	re_ enforce
reinforced	v	re_ enforce _ed
reinforcement	a	re_ enforce _ment
reinforcement	n	re_ enforce _ment
reinforcement	v	re_ enforce _ment
reinforcements	n	re_ enforce _ment _s
reinforces	v	re_ enforce _es
reining	v	rein _ing
reins	n	rein _s
reins	v	rein _es
reinstalled	v	reinstall _ed
reinstalling	v	reinstall _ing
reinstate	n	re_ instate
reinstate	v	re_ instate
reinstated	v	re_ instate _ed
reinstatement	a	re_ instate _ment
reinstatement	n	re_ instate _ment
reinstates	v	re_ instate _es
reintegrated	v	reintegrate _ed
reintegrates	v	reintegrate _es
reinterpretations	n	reinterpretation _s
reinterpreted	v	reinterpret _ed
reinterpreting	v	reinterpret _ing
reinterprets	v	reinterpret _es
reintroduced	v	reintroduce _ed
reintroduces	v	reintroduce _es
reinvented	v	reinvent _ed
reinventing	v	reinvent _ing
reinvents	v	reinvent _es
reinvigorated	v	reinvigorate _ed
reinvigorates	v	reinvigorate _es
reissue	n	re_ issue
reissue	v	re_ issue
reissued	v	re_ issue _ed
reissues	n	re_ issue _s
reissues	v	re_ issue _es
reiterate	n	re_ iterate
reiterate	v	re_ iterate
reiterated	v	re_ iterate _ed
reiterates	v	re_ iterate _es
reiteration	n	re_ iterate _ion
reiterations	n	re_ iterate _ion _s
rejected	v	reject _ed
rejecting	v	reject _ing
rejections	n	rejection _s
rejects	n	reject _s
rejects	v	reject _es
rejig	n	re_ jig
rejig	v	re_ jig
rejigs	v	re_ jig _es
rejoiced	v	rejoice _ed
rejoices	v	rejoice _es
rejoicings	n	rejoicing _s
rejoin	n	re_ join
rejoin	v	re_ join
rejoinder	n	re_ join _er
rejoinders	n	re_ join _er _s
rejoined	v	re_ join _ed
rejoining	v	re_ join _ing
rejoins	v	re_ join _es
rejuvenated	v	rejuvenate _ed
rejuvenates	v	rejuvenate _es
rekindle	a	re_ kindle
rekindle	v	re_ kindle
rekindled	v	re_ kindle _ed
rekindles	v	re_ kindle _es
relapse	a	re_ lapse
relapse	n	re_ lapse
relapse	v	re_ lapse
relapsed	v	re_ lapse _ed
relapses	n	re_ lapse _s
relapses	v	re_ lapse _es
related	v	relate _ed
relatedness	n	relate _ed _ness
relates	v	relate _es
relation	n	relate _ion
relation	v	relate _ion
relational	a	relate _ion _al
relational	n	relate _ion _al
relational	v	relate _ion _al
relations	n	relate _ion _s
relationships	n	relationship _s
relatively	r	relate _ive _ly
relatives	n	relative _s
relativistic	a	relate _ive _ity _ic
relativity	n	relative _ity
relaxants	n	relaxant _s
relaxations	n	relaxation _s
relaxed	v	relax _ed
relaxers	n	relaxer _s
relaxes	v	relax _es
relaxing	v	relax _ing
relay	a	re_ lay
relay	n	re_ lay
relay	v	re_ lay
relayed	v	re_ lay _ed
relaying	v	re_ lay _ing
relays	n	re_ lay _s
relays	v	re_ lay _es
relearned	v	relearn _ed
relearning	v	relearn _ing
relearns	v	relearn _es
released	v	release _ed
releases	n	release _s
releases	v	release _es
relegated	v	relegate _ed
relegates	v	relegate _es
relegation	a	relegate _ion
relegation	n	relegate _ion
relegation	v	relegate _ion
relented	v	relent _ed
relenting	v	relent _ing
relentlessly	n	relent _less _ly
relentlessly	r	relent _less _ly
relentlessness	n	relent _less _ness
relents	v	relent _es
relevantly	r	releve _ant _ly
reliability	n	reliable _ity
reliably	n	rely _able _ly
reliably	r	rely _able _ly
reliably	v	rely _able _ly
relics	n	relic _s
reliefs	n	relief _s
relieved	v	relieve _ed
relievers	n	reliever _s
relieves	v	relieve _es
religions	n	religion _s
religious	a	religion _ous
religious	n	religion _ous
religious	v	religion _ous
religiously	n	religion _ous _ly
religiously	r	religion _ous _ly
relined	v	re_ line _ed
relinquished	v	relinquish _ed
relinquishes	v	relinquish _es
relinquishing	v	relinquish _ing
relished	v	relish _ed
relishes	n	relish _s
relishes	v	relish _es
relishing	v	relish _ing
relive	a	re_ live
relive	v	re_ live
relived	v	re_ live _ed
relives	v	re_ live _es
reload	n	re_ load
reload	v	re_ load
reloaded	v	re_ load _ed
reloading	v	re_ load _ing
reloads	v	re_ load _es
relocate	a	re_ locate
relocate	n	re_ locate
relocate	v	re_ locate
relocated	v	re_ locate _ed
relocates	v	re_ locate _es
reluctantly	r	reluctant _ly
relying	v	rely _ing
remainder	n	remain _er
remaindered	v	remain _er _ed
remaindering	v	remain _er _ing
remainders	n	remain _er _s
remainders	v	remain _er _es
remained	v	remain _ed
remaining	v	remain _ing
remains	v	remain _es
remake	n	re_ make
remake	v	re_ make
remakes	n	re_ make _s
remakes	v	re_ make _es
remanded	v	remand _ed
remanding	v	remand _ing
remands	n	remand _s
remands	v	remand _es
remark	a	re_ mark
remark	n	re_ mark
remark	v	re_ mark
remarkable	a	re_ mark _able
remarkable	n	re_ mark _able
remarkable	v	re_ mark _able
remarkably	a	re_ mark _able _ly
remarkably	n	re_ mark _able _ly
remarkably	r	re_ mark _able _ly
remarked	v	re_ mark _ed
remarking	v	re_ mark _ing
remarks	n	re_ mark _s
remarks	v	re_ mark _es
remarriages	n	remarriage _s
remarry	n	re_ marry
remarry	v	re_ marry
remarrying	v	re_ marry _ing
rematches	n	rematch _s
remediable	a	remedy _able
remedial	a	remedy _al
remedial	n	remedy _al
remedial	v	remedy _al
remedying	v	remedy _ing
remembered	v	remember _ed
remembering	v	remember _ing
remembers	v	remember _es
remembrances	n	remembrance _s
remind	a	re_ mind
remind	n	re_ mind
remind	o	re_ mind
remind	v	re_ mind
reminded	v	re_ mind _ed
reminder	n	re_ mind _er
reminder	v	re_ mind _er
reminders	n	re_ mind _er _s
reminding	v	re_ mind _ing
reminds	v	re_ mind _es
reminisced	v	reminisce _ed
reminiscences	n	reminiscence _s
reminisces	v	reminisce _es
remissions	n	remission _s
remits	n	remit _s
remits	v	remit _es
remittances	n	remittance _s
remitted	v	remit _ed
remitting	v	remit _ing
remnants	n	remnant _s
remodel	n	re_ model
remodel	v	re_ model
remodels	v	re_ model _es
remonstrances	n	remonstrance _s
remonstrated	v	remonstrate _ed
remonstrates	v	remonstrate _es
remorseful	a	remorse _ful
remorseful	n	remorse _ful
remorseless	a	remorse _less
remorseless	n	remorse _less
remorseless	v	remorse _less
remorselessly	n	remorse _less _ly
remorselessly	r	remorse _less _ly
remotely	a	remote _ly
remotely	r	remote _ly
remoteness	n	remote _ness
remoter	a	remote _r
remotes	n	remote _s
remotest	a	remote _st
remould	v	re_ mould
remoulded	v	re_ mould _ed
remoulding	v	re_ mould _ing
remount	n	re_ mount
remounted	v	re_ mount _ed
remounting	v	re_ mount _ing
removable	a	re_ move _able
removable	n	re_ move _able
removals	n	removal _s
remove	a	re_ move
remove	n	re_ move
remove	o	re_ move
remove	v	re_ move
removed	v	re_ move _ed
remover	a	re_ move _er
remover	n	re_ move _er
remover	o	re_ move _er
remover	v	re_ move _er
removers	n	re_ move _er _s
removes	n	re_ move _s
removes	v	re_ move _es
rems	n	rem _s
remunerated	v	remunerate _ed
remunerates	v	remunerate _es
remuneration	n	remunerate _ion
remunerations	n	remunerate _ion _s
renaissances	n	renaissance _s
rename	a	re_ name
rename	n	re_ name
rename	v	re_ name
renamed	v	re_ name _ed
renames	v	re_ name _es
renascences	n	renascence _s
rendered	v	render _ed
rendering	v	render _ing
renderings	n	rendering _s
renderings	v	render _es
renders	n	render _s
renders	v	render _es
rendezvoused	v	rendezvous _ed
rendezvousing	v	rendezvous _ing
rending	v	rend _ing
renditions	n	rendition _s
rends	v	rend _es
renegaded	v	renegade _ed
renegades	n	renegade _s
renegades	v	renegade _es
reneged	v	renege _ed
reneges	n	renege _s
reneges	v	renege _es
renegotiated	v	renegotiate _ed
renegotiates	v	renegotiate _es
renewable	a	re_ new _able
renewable	n	re_ new _able
renewable	v	re_ new _able
renewal	a	re_ new _al
renewal	n	re_ new _al
renewal	v	re_ new _al
renewals	n	re_ new _al _s
renewed	v	renew _ed
renewing	v	renew _ing
renews	v	renew _es
renounced	v	renounce _ed
renounces	v	renounce _es
renovated	v	renovate _ed
renovates	v	renovate _es
renovations	n	renovation _s
renovators	n	renovator _s
rental	a	rent _al
rental	n	rent _al
rentals	n	rent _al _s
rented	v	rent _ed
renter	n	rent _er
renters	n	rent _er _s
renting	v	rent _ing
rents	n	rent _s
rents	v	rent _es
renunciations	n	renunciation _s
reopen	a	re_ open
reopen	n	re_ open
reopen	v	re_ open
reopened	v	re_ open _ed
reopening	v	re_ open _ing
reopens	v	re_ open _es
reordered	v	reorder _ed
reordering	v	reorder _ing
reorders	n	reorder _s
reorders	v	reorder _es
reorganizations	n	reorganization _s
reorganize	n	re_ organize
reorganize	v	re_ organize
reorganized	v	re_ organize _ed
reorganizes	v	re_ organize _es
reorient	v	re_ orient
reoriented	v	re_ orient _ed
reorienting	v	re_ orient _ing
reorients	v	re_ orient _es
repaint	n	re_ paint
repaint	v	re_ paint
repainted	v	re_ paint _ed
repainting	v	re_ paint _ing
repaints	v	re_ paint _es
repairable	a	re_ pair _able
repaired	v	repair _ed
repairer	n	re_ pair _er
repairers	n	re_ pair _er _s
repairing	v	repair _ing
repairs	n	repair _s
repairs	v	repair _es
reparable	a	re_ pair _able
reparations	n	reparation _s
repasts	n	repast _s
repatriated	v	repatriate _ed
repatriates	n	repatriate _s
repatriates	v	repatriate _es
repatriations	n	repatriation _s
repay	a	re_ pay
repay	n	re_ pay
repay	v	re_ pay
repayable	a	re_ pay _able
repayable	n	re_ pay _able
repayable	v	re_ pay _able
repaying	v	re_ pay _ing
repayment	a	re_ pay _ment
repayment	n	re_ pay _ment
repayments	n	re_ pay _ment _s
repays	v	re_ pay _es
repealed	v	repeal _ed
repealing	v	repeal _ing
repeals	n	repeal _s
repeals	v	repeal _es
repeated	v	repeat _ed
repeatedly	r	repeat _ed _ly
repeater	a	repeat _er
repeater	n	repeat _er
repeaters	n	repeat _er _s
repeating	v	repeat _ing
repeats	n	repeat _s
repeats	v	repeat _es
repelled	v	repel _ed
repellents	n	repellent _s
repelling	v	repel _ing
repels	v	repel _es
repented	v	repent _ed
repenting	v	repent _ing
repents	v	repent _es
repercussions	n	repercussion _s
repertoires	n	repertoire _s
repetitions	n	repetition _s
repetitious	a	repetition _ous
rephrased	v	rephrase _ed
rephrases	v	rephrase _es
repine	v	re_ pine
repined	v	re_ pine _ed
replace	v	re_ place
replaceable	a	re_ place _able
replaced	v	re_ place _ed
replacement	a	re_ place _ment
replacement	n	re_ place _ment
replacement	v	re_ place _ment
replacements	n	re_ place _ment _s
replaces	v	re_ place _es
replanted	v	replant _ed
replanting	v	replant _ing
replants	v	replant _es
replay	n	re_ play
replay	v	re_ play
replayed	v	re_ play _ed
replaying	v	re_ play _ing
replays	n	re_ play _s
replays	v	re_ play _es
replenished	v	replenish _ed
replenishes	v	replenish _es
replenishing	v	replenish _ing
replenishment	a	replenish _ment
replenishment	n	replenish _ment
replicas	n	replica _s
replicated	v	replicate _ed
replicates	v	replicate _es
replications	n	replication _s
replying	v	reply _ing
reported	v	report _ed
reporter	a	report _er
reporter	n	report _er
reporter	r	report _er
reporter	v	report _er
reporters	n	report _er _s
reporting	v	report _ing
reports	n	report _s
reports	v	report _es
repose	a	re_ pose
repose	n	re_ pose
repose	r	re_ pose
repose	v	re_ pose
reposed	v	re_ pose _ed
reposes	n	re_ pose _s
reposes	v	re_ pose _es
reposition	n	re_ posit _ion
reposition	v	re_ posit _ion
repositioning	v	re_ posit _ion _ing
repossess	v	re_ possess
repossessed	v	re_ possess _ed
repossesses	v	re_ possess _es
repossessing	v	re_ possess _ing
repossession	n	re_ possess _ion
repossessions	n	re_ possess _ion _s
represent	a	re_ present
represent	n	re_ present
represent	v	re_ present
representational	a	re_ presentation _al
representational	n	re_ presentation _al
representations	n	representation _s
representatives	n	representative _s
represented	v	re_ present _ed
representing	v	re_ present _ing
represents	v	re_ present _es
repress	n	re_ press
repress	v	re_ press
repressed	v	re_ press _ed
represses	v	re_ press _es
repressing	v	re_ press _ing
repression	n	re_ press _ion
repressions	n	re_ press _ion _s
reprieved	v	reprieve _ed
reprieves	n	reprieve _s
reprieves	v	reprieve _es
reprimanded	v	reprimand _ed
reprimanding	v	reprimand _ing
reprimands	n	reprimand _s
reprimands	v	reprimand _es
reprint	n	re_ print
reprint	v	re_ print
reprinted	v	re_ print _ed
reprinting	v	re_ print _ing
reprints	n	re_ print _s
reprints	v	re_ print _es
reprisals	n	reprisal _s
reprises	v	reprise _es
reproached	v	reproach _ed
reproaches	n	reproach _s
reproaches	v	reproach _es
reproachful	a	reproach _ful
reproachful	n	reproach _ful
reproachfully	n	re_ approach _ful _ly
reproachfully	r	re_ approach _ful _ly
reproaching	v	reproach _ing
reprobates	n	reprobate _s
reprobates	v	reprobate _es
reprocessed	v	reprocess _ed
reprocesses	v	reprocess _es
reprocessing	v	reprocess _ing
reproduce	a	re_ produce
reproduce	n	re_ produce
reproduce	v	re_ produce
reproduced	v	re_ produce _ed
reproducer	n	re_ produce _er
reproducers	n	re_ produce _er _s
reproduces	v	re_ produce _es
reproductions	n	reproduction _s
reproof	a	re_ proof
reproof	n	re_ proof
reproof	v	re_ proof
reproofed	v	re_ proof _ed
reproofing	v	re_ proof _ing
reproofs	n	re_ proof _s
reprove	n	re_ prove
reprove	v	re_ prove
reproved	v	re_ prove _ed
reproves	v	re_ prove _es
reps	n	rep _s
reptiles	n	reptile _s
republicans	n	republican _s
republications	n	republication _s
republics	n	republic _s
republished	v	republish _ed
republishes	v	republish _es
republishing	v	republish _ing
repudiated	v	repudiate _ed
repudiates	v	repudiate _es
repudiations	n	repudiation _s
repulsed	v	repulse _ed
repulses	v	repulse _es
repulsion	n	repulse _ion
repulsiveness	n	repulsive _ness
repurchased	v	repurchase _ed
repurchases	n	repurchase _s
repurchases	v	repurchase _es
reputable	a	repute _able
reputably	r	repute _able _ly
reputations	n	reputation _s
reputed	v	repute _ed
reputedly	a	repute _ed _ly
reputedly	n	repute _ed _ly
reputedly	r	repute _ed _ly
reputedly	v	repute _ed _ly
requested	v	request _ed
requesting	v	request _ing
requests	n	request _s
requests	v	request _es
requiems	n	requiem _s
required	v	require _ed
requirement	a	require _ment
requirement	n	require _ment
requirement	v	require _ment
requirements	n	require _ment _s
requires	v	require _es
requisites	n	requisite _s
requisitioned	v	requisition _ed
requisitioning	v	requisition _ing
requisitions	n	requisition _s
requisitions	v	requisition _es
requited	v	requite _ed
requites	v	requite _es
rereading	v	reread _ing
rereads	v	reread _es
rerun	a	re_ run
rerun	n	re_ run
rerun	v	re_ run
rerunning	v	re_ run _ing
reruns	n	re_ run _s
reruns	v	re_ run _es
res	n	re _s
resales	n	resale _s
rescheduled	v	reschedule _ed
reschedules	v	reschedule _es
rescinded	v	rescind _ed
rescinding	v	rescind _ing
rescinds	v	rescind _es
rescued	v	rescue _ed
rescuer	a	rescue _er
rescuer	n	rescue _er
rescuers	n	rescue _er _s
rescues	n	rescue _s
rescues	v	rescue _es
resealed	v	reseal _ed
resealing	v	reseal _ing
reseals	v	reseal _es
research	n	re_ search
researched	v	re_ search _ed
researcher	a	re_ search _er
researcher	n	re_ search _er
researcher	o	re_ search _er
researcher	r	re_ search _er
researcher	v	re_ search _er
researchers	n	re_ search _er _s
researches	n	re_ search _s
researches	v	re_ search _es
researching	v	re_ search _ing
resections	n	resection _s
reseeded	v	reseed _ed
reseeding	v	reseed _ing
reseeds	v	reseed _es
reselling	v	resell _ing
resells	v	resell _es
resemblances	n	resemblance _s
resembled	v	resemble _ed
resembles	v	resemble _es
resented	v	resent _ed
resentfully	r	resent _ful _ly
resenting	v	resent _ing
resentment	a	resent _ment
resentment	n	resent _ment
resentment	v	resent _ment
resentments	n	resent _ment _s
resents	v	resent _es
reservations	n	reservation _s
reserved	v	reserve _ed
reserves	n	reserve _s
reserves	v	reserve _es
reservist	a	reserve _ist
reservist	n	reserve _ist
reservists	n	reserve _ist _s
reservoirs	n	reservoir _s
reset	a	re_ set
reset	n	re_ set
reset	v	re_ set
resets	n	re_ set _s
resets	v	re_ set _es
resetting	v	re_ set _ing
resettle	v	re_ settle
resettled	v	re_ settle _ed
resettlement	a	re_ settle _ment
resettlement	n	re_ settle _ment
resettlement	v	re_ settle _ment
resettles	v	re_ settle _es
reshaped	v	reshape _ed
reshapes	v	reshape _es
reshuffle	n	re_ shuffle
reshuffle	v	re_ shuffle
reshuffled	v	re_ shuffle _ed
reshuffles	n	re_ shuffle _s
reshuffles	v	re_ shuffle _es
resided	v	reside _ed
residences	n	residence _s
residents	n	resident _s
resides	v	reside _es
residual	a	residue _al
residual	n	residue _al
residual	o	residue _al
residuals	n	residue _al _s
residues	n	residue _s
resignations	n	resignation _s
resigned	v	resign _ed
resignedly	r	re_ sign _ed _ly
resigning	v	resign _ing
resigns	v	resign _es
resiliently	r	resilient _ly
resinous	a	resin _ous
resins	n	resin _s
resistances	n	resistance _s
resisted	v	resist _ed
resister	n	resist _er
resisters	n	resist _er _s
resisting	v	resist _ing
resistless	n	resist _less
resistless	v	resist _less
resistors	n	resistor _s
resists	v	resist _es
resized	v	resize _ed
resizes	v	resize _es
resoled	v	resole _ed
resolutely	a	resolute _ly
resolutely	n	resolute _ly
resolutely	r	resolute _ly
resolutely	v	resolute _ly
resoluteness	n	resolute _ness
resolutions	n	resolution _s
resolvable	a	re_ solve _able
resolvable	n	re_ solve _able
resolved	v	resolve _ed
resolves	n	resolve _s
resolves	v	resolve _es
resonances	n	resonance _s
resonantly	r	re_ sonar _ant _ly
resonated	v	resonate _ed
resonates	v	resonate _es
resonators	n	resonator _s
resorted	v	resort _ed
resorting	v	resort _ing
resorts	n	resort _s
resorts	v	resort _es
resound	n	re_ sound
resound	v	re_ sound
resounded	v	re_ sound _ed
resounding	v	re_ sound _ing
resoundingly	r	re_ sound _ing _ly
resoundingly	v	re_ sound _ing _ly
resounds	v	re_ sound _es
resourceful	a	re_ source _ful
resourceful	n	re_ source _ful
resourceful	v	re_ source _ful
resourcefully	r	re_ source _ful _ly
resourcefulness	a	re_ source _ful _ness
resourcefulness	n	re_ source _ful _ness
resources	n	resource _s
respectability	n	respect _able _ity
respectable	a	respect _able
respectable	n	respect _able
respectable	v	respect _able
respectably	r	respect _able _ly
respected	v	respect _ed
respecter	n	respect _er
respecters	n	respect _er _s
respectful	a	respect _ful
respectful	n	respect _ful
respectful	v	respect _ful
respectfully	r	respect _ful _ly
respecting	v	respect _ing
respectively	r	respect _ive _ly
respects	n	respect _s
respects	v	respect _es
respirators	n	respirator _s
respired	v	respire _ed
respires	v	respire _es
respites	n	respite _s
respites	v	respite _es
responded	v	respond _ed
respondents	n	respondent _s
responding	v	respond _ing
responds	v	respond _es
responses	n	response _s
responsibility	n	response _ible _ity
responsibility	v	response _ible _ity
responsibly	r	response _ible _ly
responsively	r	response _ive _ly
responsiveness	a	response _ive _ness
responsiveness	n	response _ive _ness
restarted	v	restart _ed
restarting	v	restart _ing
restarts	v	restart _es
restate	n	re_ state
restate	v	re_ state
restated	v	re_ state _ed
restatement	n	re_ state _ment
restatements	n	re_ state _ment _s
restates	v	re_ state _es
restaurants	n	restaurant _s
restaurateurs	n	restaurateur _s
rested	v	rest _ed
restful	a	rest _ful
restful	n	rest _ful
restful	v	rest _ful
resting	v	rest _ing
restless	a	rest _less
restless	n	rest _less
restless	r	rest _less
restless	v	rest _less
restlessly	r	rest _less _ly
restlessness	n	rest _less _ness
restlessness	o	rest _less _ness
restock	v	re_ stock
restocked	v	re_ stock _ed
restocking	v	re_ stock _ing
restocks	v	re_ stock _es
restorations	n	restoration _s
restoratives	n	restorative _s
restored	v	restore _ed
restorer	n	restore _er
restorers	n	restore _er _s
restores	v	restore _es
restrained	v	restrain _ed
restrainers	n	restrainer _s
restraining	v	restrain _ing
restrains	v	restrain _es
restraints	n	restraint _s
restrengthened	v	restrengthen _ed
restrengthening	v	restrengthen _ing
restrengthens	v	restrengthen _es
restricted	v	restrict _ed
restricting	v	restrict _ing
restrictions	n	restriction _s
restrictively	r	restrict _ive _ly
restrictiveness	n	restrict _ive _ness
restricts	v	restrict _es
restrooms	n	restroom _s
restructure	n	re_ structure
restructure	v	re_ structure
restructured	v	re_ structure _ed
restructures	v	re_ structure _es
rests	n	rest _s
rests	v	rest _es
resultants	n	resultant _s
resulted	v	result _ed
resulting	v	result _ing
results	n	result _s
results	v	result _es
resumed	v	resume _ed
resumes	n	resume _s
resumes	v	resume _es
resumptions	n	resumption _s
resurface	n	re_ surface
resurface	v	re_ surface
resurfaced	v	re_ surface _ed
resurfaces	v	re_ surface _es
resurgences	n	resurgence _s
resurrected	v	resurrect _ed
resurrecting	v	resurrect _ing
resurrections	n	resurrection _s
resurrects	v	resurrect _es
resurveys	n	resurvey _s
resuscitated	v	resuscitate _ed
resuscitates	v	resuscitate _es
resuscitation	a	resuscitate _ion
resuscitation	n	resuscitate _ion
retailed	v	retail _ed
retailer	n	retail _er
retailer	v	retail _er
retailers	n	retail _er _s
retailing	v	retail _ing
retails	n	retail _s
retails	v	retail _es
retained	v	retain _ed
retainer	a	retain _er
retainer	n	retain _er
retainers	n	retain _er _s
retaining	v	retain _ing
retains	v	retain _es
retake	n	re_ take
retake	v	re_ take
retaken	v	re_ take _n
retakes	n	re_ take _s
retakes	v	re_ take _es
retaliated	v	retaliate _ed
retaliates	v	retaliate _es
retaliation	n	retaliate _ion
retaliations	n	retaliate _ion _s
retardants	n	retardant _s
retarded	v	retard _ed
retarding	v	retard _ing
retards	n	retard _s
retards	v	retard _es
retched	v	retch _ed
retches	v	retch _es
retching	v	retch _ing
retell	v	re_ tell
retelling	v	re_ tell _ing
retells	v	re_ tell _es
retention	n	retain _ion
rethink	n	re_ think
rethink	v	re_ think
rethinking	v	re_ think _ing
rethinks	n	re_ think _s
rethinks	v	re_ think _es
reticulated	v	reticulate _ed
reticulation	n	reticulate _ion
retied	v	retie _ed
reties	v	retie _es
retinas	n	retina _s
retinues	n	retinue _s
retired	v	retire _ed
retirees	n	retiree _s
retirees	v	retire _es
retirement	n	retire _ment
retirements	n	retire _ment _s
retires	v	retire _es
retool	n	re_ tool
retool	v	re_ tool
retooled	v	re_ tool _ed
retooling	v	re_ tool _ing
retools	v	re_ tool _es
retorted	v	retort _ed
retorting	v	retort _ing
retorts	n	retort _s
retorts	v	retort _es
retouch	v	re_ touch
retouched	v	re_ touch _ed
retouches	v	re_ touch _es
retouching	v	re_ touch _ing
retrace	n	re_ trace
retrace	v	re_ trace
retraced	v	re_ trace _ed
retraces	v	re_ trace _es
retractable	a	re_ tract _able
retractable	n	re_ tract _able
retracted	v	retract _ed
retracting	v	retract _ing
retractions	n	retraction _s
retracts	v	retract _es
retrained	v	retrain _ed
retraining	v	retrain _ing
retrains	v	retrain _es
retread	n	re_ tread
retreaded	v	retread _ed
retreading	v	retread _ing
retreads	n	re_ tread _s
retreads	v	retread _es
retreated	v	retreat _ed
retreating	v	retreat _ing
retreats	n	retreat _s
retreats	v	retreat _es
retrenched	v	retrench _ed
retrenches	v	retrench _es
retrenching	v	retrench _ing
retrenchment	a	re_ trench _ment
retrenchment	n	re_ trench _ment
retrenchments	n	re_ trench _ment _s
retrials	n	retrial _s
retributions	n	retribution _s
retrievable	a	retrieve _able
retrievals	n	retrieval _s
retrieved	v	retrieve _ed
retriever	n	retrieve _er
retrievers	n	retrieve _er _s
retrieves	v	retrieve _es
retroactively	r	retro_ act _ive _ly
retrofits	n	retrofit _s
retrofits	v	retrofit _es
retrofitted	v	retrofit _ed
retrofitting	v	retrofit _ing
retrogrades	v	retrograde _es
retrogressed	v	retrogress _ed
retrorockets	n	retrorocket _s
retros	n	retro _s
retrospectively	r	retrospect _ive _ly
retrospectives	n	retrospective _s
retrospects	n	retrospect _s
retroviruses	n	retrovirus _s
retrying	v	retry _ing
return	a	re_ turn
return	n	re_ turn
return	v	re_ turn
returnable	a	re_ turn _able
returned	v	re_ turn _ed
returning	v	re_ turn _ing
returns	n	re_ turn _s
returns	v	re_ turn _es
reunifying	v	reunify _ing
reunion	n	re_ unite _ion
reunions	n	re_ unite _ion _s
reunite	n	re_ unite
reunite	v	re_ unite
reunited	v	re_ unite _ed
reunites	v	re_ unite _es
reusable	a	re_ use _able
reusable	v	re_ use _able
reuse	n	re_ use
reuse	v	re_ use
reused	v	re_ use _ed
reuses	v	re_ use _es
revaluations	n	revaluation _s
revalue	a	re_ value
revalue	n	re_ value
revalue	v	re_ value
revalued	v	re_ value _ed
revamp	n	re_ vamp
revamp	v	re_ vamp
revamped	v	re_ vamp _ed
revamping	v	re_ vamp _ing
revamps	v	re_ vamp _es
revealed	v	reveal _ed
revealing	v	reveal _ing
revealings	n	revealing _s
reveals	v	reveal _es
revelations	n	revelation _s
revelled	v	revel _ed
reveller	n	revel _er
revellers	n	revel _er _s
revelling	v	revel _ing
revels	n	revel _s
revels	v	revel _es
revenged	v	revenge _ed
revengeful	a	revenge _ful
revenges	n	revenge _s
revenuers	n	revenuer _s
revenues	n	revenue _s
reverberated	v	reverberate _ed
reverberates	v	reverberate _es
reverberations	n	reverberation _s
revered	v	revere _ed
reverenced	v	reverence _ed
reverences	n	reverence _s
reverences	v	reverence _es
reverends	n	reverend _s
reverentially	r	reverent _ial _ly
reverently	r	reverent _ly
reveres	n	revere _s
reveres	v	revere _es
reversals	n	reversal _s
reversed	v	reverse _ed
reverses	n	revers _s
reverses	v	reverse _es
reversibility	n	reverse _ible _ity
reversions	n	reversion _s
reverted	v	revert _ed
reverting	v	revert _ing
reverts	v	revert _es
revetments	n	revetment _s
review	a	re_ view
review	n	re_ view
review	v	re_ view
reviewed	v	re_ view _ed
reviewer	a	re_ view _er
reviewer	n	re_ view _er
reviewer	v	re_ view _er
reviewers	n	re_ view _er _s
reviewing	v	re_ view _ing
reviews	n	re_ view _s
reviews	v	re_ view _es
reviled	v	revile _ed
reviler	n	revile _er
reviles	v	revile _es
revised	v	revise _ed
revisers	n	revise _er _s
revises	n	revise _s
revises	v	revise _es
revisionist	a	revision _ism _ist
revisionist	n	revision _ism _ist
revisionists	n	revision _ism _ist _s
revisions	n	revision _s
revisited	v	revisit _ed
revisiting	v	revisit _ing
revisits	v	revisit _es
revitalize	a	re_ vitalize
revitalize	v	re_ vitalize
revitalized	v	re_ vitalize _ed
revitalizes	v	re_ vitalize _es
revival	a	revive _al
revival	n	revive _al
revival	v	revive _al
revivalists	n	revivalist _s
revivals	n	revive _al _s
revived	v	revive _ed
revives	v	revive _es
revivify	v	re_ vivify
revivifying	v	re_ vivify _ing
revocable	a	revoke _able
revocations	n	revocation _s
revoked	v	revoke _ed
revokes	n	revoke _s
revokes	v	revoke _es
revolted	v	revolt _ed
revolting	v	revolt _ing
revoltingly	r	revolt _ing _ly
revolts	n	revolt _s
revolts	v	revolt _es
revolutionists	n	revolutionist _s
revolutionize	v	revolution _ize
revolutionized	v	revolution _ize _ed
revolutionizes	v	revolution _ize _es
revolutions	n	revolution _s
revolved	v	revolve _ed
revolver	n	revolve _er
revolver	r	revolve _er
revolvers	n	revolve _er _s
revolves	v	revolve _es
revs	n	rev _s
revs	v	rev _es
revues	n	revue _s
revved	v	rev _ed
revving	v	rev _ing
rewarded	v	reward _ed
rewarding	v	reward _ing
rewards	n	reward _s
rewards	v	reward _es
rewire	n	re_ wire
rewire	v	re_ wire
rewired	v	re_ wire _ed
rewires	v	re_ wire _es
reword	v	re_ word
reworded	v	re_ word _ed
rewording	v	re_ word _ing
reworked	v	rework _ed
reworking	v	rework _ing
reworks	v	rework _es
rewrite	a	re_ write
rewrite	n	re_ write
rewrite	r	re_ write
rewrite	v	re_ write
rewrites	n	re_ write _s
rewrites	v	re_ write _es
rhapsodize	v	rhapsody _ize
rhapsodized	v	rhapsody _ize _ed
rhapsodizes	v	rhapsody _ize _es
rheas	n	rhea _s
rhetorical	a	rhetoric _al
rhetorical	n	rhetoric _al
rhetorically	r	rhetoric _al _ly
rhetoricians	n	rhetorician _s
rheumatics	n	rheumatic _s
rhinestones	n	rhinestone _s
rhinoceroses	n	rhinoceros _s
rhinos	n	rhino _s
rhinoviruses	n	rhinovirus _s
rhizomes	n	rhizome _s
rhododendrons	n	rhododendron _s
rhomboidal	a	rhomboid _al
rhomboidal	n	rhomboid _al
rhomboids	n	rhomboid _s
rhombuses	n	rhombus _s
rhos	n	rho _s
rhymed	v	rhyme _ed
rhymers	n	rhymer _s
rhymes	n	rhyme _s
rhymes	v	rhyme _es
rhymesters	n	rhymester _s
rhythmic	a	rhythm _ic
rhythmic	n	rhythm _ic
rhythmic	v	rhythm _ic
rhythmically	r	rhythm _ical _ly
rhythms	n	rhythm _s
rials	n	rial _s
ribbed	v	rib _ed
ribbing	v	rib _ing
ribbons	n	ribbon _s
ribs	n	rib _s
ribs	v	rib _es
riced	v	rice _ed
rices	n	rice _s
richer	a	rich _er
riches	n	rich _s
richest	a	rich _est
richly	a	rich _ly
richly	n	rich _ly
richly	o	rich _ly
richly	r	rich _ly
richly	v	rich _ly
richness	a	rich _ness
richness	n	rich _ness
richness	v	rich _ness
ricked	v	rick _ed
rickety	a	rickets _y
rickety	n	rickets _y
rickety	v	rickets _y
ricks	n	rick _s
rickshaws	n	rickshaw _s
ricocheted	v	ricochet _ed
ricocheting	v	ricochet _ing
ricochets	n	ricochet _s
ricochets	v	ricochet _es
ridding	v	rid _ing
riddled	v	riddle _ed
riddles	n	riddle _s
riddles	v	riddle _es
rider	a	ride _er
rider	n	ride _er
rider	v	ride _er
riderless	a	ride _er _less
riderless	n	ride _er _less
riders	n	ride _er _s
rides	n	ride _s
rides	v	rid _es
ridged	v	ridge _ed
ridges	n	ridge _s
ridges	v	ridge _es
ridiculed	v	ridicule _ed
ridicules	n	ridicule _s
ridicules	v	ridicule _es
ridiculous	a	ridicule _ous
ridiculous	n	ridicule _ous
ridiculous	v	ridicule _ous
ridiculously	n	ridicule _ous _ly
ridiculously	r	ridicule _ous _ly
ridiculousness	n	ridicule _ous _ness
riding	v	ride _ing
rids	v	rid _es
riffed	v	riff _ed
riffing	v	riff _ing
riffled	v	riffle _ed
riffles	n	riffle _s
riffs	n	riff _s
riffs	v	riff _es
rifled	v	rifle _ed
rifles	n	rifle _s
rifles	v	rifle _es
rifts	n	rift _s
rigged	v	rig _ed
rigger	n	rig _er
riggers	n	rig _er _s
rigging	v	rig _ing
righted	v	right _ed
righteously	r	right _ous _ly
righteousness	a	right _ous _ness
righteousness	n	right _ous _ness
righteousness	v	right _ous _ness
righter	a	right _er
rightest	a	right _est
rightful	a	right _ful
rightful	n	right _ful
rightfully	a	right _ful _ly
rightfully	r	right _ful _ly
righting	v	right _ing
rightist	a	right _ist
rightist	n	right _ist
rightist	v	right _ist
rightists	n	right _ist _s
rightly	r	right _ly
rightly	v	right _ly
rightness	n	right _ness
rights	n	right _s
rights	v	right _es
rigidity	n	rigid _ity
rigidly	a	rigid _ly
rigidly	r	rigid _ly
rigidly	v	rigid _ly
rigmaroles	n	rigmarole _s
rigorous	a	rigour _ous
rigorous	v	rigour _ous
rigorously	n	rigour _ous _ly
rigorously	r	rigour _ous _ly
rigorously	v	rigour _ous _ly
rigours	n	rigour _s
rigs	n	rig _s
rigs	v	rig _es
riled	v	rile _ed
riles	v	rile _es
rills	n	rill _s
rimed	v	rim _ed
rimes	n	rime _s
rimless	a	rim _less
rimless	n	rim _less
rimmed	v	rim _ed
rimming	v	rim _ing
rims	n	rim _s
rims	v	rim _es
rinds	n	rind _s
ringed	v	ring _ed
ringer	a	ring _er
ringer	n	ring _er
ringers	n	ring _er _s
ringgits	n	ringgit _s
ringing	v	ring _ing
ringings	n	ringing _s
ringleaders	n	ringleader _s
ringlets	n	ringlet _s
ringmasters	n	ringmaster _s
rings	n	ring _s
rings	v	ring _es
rinks	n	rink _s
rinsed	v	rinse _ed
rinses	n	rinse _s
rinses	v	rinse _es
rioted	v	riot _ed
rioter	n	riot _er
rioters	n	riot _er _s
rioting	v	riot _ing
riotous	a	riot _ous
riotously	r	riot _ous _ly
riots	n	riot _s
riots	v	riot _es
ripcords	n	ripcord _s
ripened	v	ripen _ed
ripeness	n	ripe _ness
ripeness	v	ripe _ness
ripening	v	ripen _ing
ripens	v	ripen _es
riper	a	ripe _r
ripest	a	ripe _st
riposted	v	riposte _ed
ripostes	n	riposte _s
ripostes	v	riposte _es
ripped	v	rip _ed
rippers	n	ripper _s
ripping	v	rip _ing
rippled	v	ripple _ed
ripples	n	ripple _s
ripples	v	ripple _es
rips	n	rip _s
rips	v	rip _es
riptides	n	riptide _s
risen	v	rise _n
riser	n	rise _er
riser	v	rise _er
risers	n	rise _er _s
rises	n	rise _s
rises	v	rise _es
risings	n	rising _s
risked	v	risk _ed
riskiness	n	risk _y _ness
risking	v	risk _ing
risks	n	risk _s
risks	v	risk _es
risky	a	risk _y
risky	n	risk _y
risky	v	risk _y
risottos	n	risotto _s
rissoles	n	rissole _s
rites	n	rite _s
ritualistic	a	ritual _ist _ic
ritualized	v	ritualize _ed
ritually	r	ritual _ly
ritually	v	ritual _ly
rituals	n	ritual _s
rivalled	v	rival _ed
rivalling	v	rival _ing
rivals	n	rival _s
rivals	v	rival _es
rived	v	rive _ed
riven	v	rive _n
riverbanks	n	riverbank _s
riverbeds	n	riverbed _s
rivers	n	river _s
riversides	n	riverside _s
rives	v	rive _es
riveted	v	rivet _ed
riveter	n	rivet _er
riveters	n	rivet _er _s
riveting	v	rivet _ing
rivets	n	rivet _s
rivets	v	rivet _es
rivieras	n	riviera _s
rivulets	n	rivulet _s
riyals	n	riyal _s
roaches	n	roach _s
roaches	v	roach _es
roadblocks	n	roadblock _s
roadhouses	n	roadhouse _s
roadrunners	n	roadrunner _s
roads	n	road _s
roadsides	n	roadside _s
roadsters	n	roadster _s
roadways	n	roadway _s
roamed	v	roam _ed
roamer	a	roam _er
roamers	n	roamer _s
roaming	v	roam _ing
roams	v	roam _es
roans	n	roan _s
roared	v	roar _ed
roarers	n	roarer _s
roaring	v	roar _ing
roars	n	roar _s
roars	v	roar _es
roasted	v	roast _ed
roasters	n	roast _er _s
roasting	v	roast _ing
roastings	n	roasting _s
roasts	n	roast _s
roasts	v	roast _es
robbed	v	rob _ed
robber	a	rob _er
robber	n	rob _er
robber	v	rob _er
robbers	n	rob _er _s
robbing	v	rob _ing
robed	v	rob _ed
robes	n	robe _s
robes	v	robe _es
robing	v	robe _ing
robins	n	robin _s
robots	n	robot _s
robs	v	rob _es
robustly	r	robust _ly
robustness	n	robust _ness
rocked	v	rock _ed
rocker	n	rock _er
rocker	v	rock _er
rockers	n	rock _er _s
rocketed	v	rocket _ed
rocketing	v	rocket _ing
rockets	n	rocket _s
rockets	v	rocket _es
rocking	v	rock _ing
rocks	n	rock _s
rocks	v	rock _es
rocky	a	rock _y
rocky	n	rock _y
rocky	v	rock _y
rodents	n	rodent _s
rodeos	n	rodeo _s
rods	n	rod _s
roebucks	n	roebuck _s
roentgens	n	roentgen _s
roes	n	roe _s
rogues	n	rogue _s
roiled	v	roil _ed
roiling	v	roil _ing
roils	v	roil _es
roistered	v	roister _ed
roisterers	n	roisterer _s
roistering	v	roister _ing
roles	n	role _s
rollbacks	n	rollback _s
rolled	v	roll _ed
roller	a	roll _er
roller	n	roll _er
roller	r	roll _er
roller	v	roll _er
rollers	n	roll _er _s
rollicked	v	rollick _ed
rollicking	v	rollick _ing
rolling	v	roll _ing
rollings	n	rolling _s
rollovers	n	rollover _s
rolls	n	roll _s
rolls	v	roll _es
romanced	v	romance _ed
romances	n	romance _s
romances	v	romance _es
romantic	a	romance _ic
romantic	n	romance _ic
romanticist	n	romance _ic _ism _ist
romanticists	n	romance _ic _ism _ist _s
romanticize	v	romance _ic _ize
romanticized	v	romance _ic _ize _ed
romanticizes	v	romance _ic _ize _es
romantics	n	romance _ic _s
romeos	n	romeo _s
romped	v	romp _ed
romper	n	romp _er
rompers	n	romp _er _s
romping	v	romp _ing
romps	n	romp _s
romps	v	romp _es
rondos	n	rondo _s
roods	n	rood _s
roofed	v	roof _ed
roofers	n	roofer _s
roofing	v	roof _ing
roofless	a	roof _less
roofless	n	roof _less
roofs	n	roof _s
roofs	v	roof _es
rooftops	n	rooftop _s
rookies	n	rookie _s
rooking	v	rook _ing
rooks	n	rook _s
rooks	v	rook _es
roomed	v	room _ed
roomers	n	roomer _s
roomettes	n	roomette _s
roomfuls	n	roomful _s
roominess	n	room _y _ness
rooming	v	room _ing
roommates	n	roommate _s
rooms	n	room _s
roomy	a	room _y
roomy	n	room _y
roomy	v	room _y
roosted	v	roost _ed
rooster	a	roost _er
rooster	n	roost _er
roosters	n	roost _er _s
roosting	v	roost _ing
roosts	n	roost _s
rooted	v	root _ed
rooters	n	rooter _s
rooting	v	root _ing
rootless	a	root _less
rootless	n	root _less
rootless	v	rootle _es
rootlessness	n	root _less _ness
rootlets	n	rootlet _s
roots	n	root _s
roots	v	root _es
roped	v	rope _ed
ropers	n	roper _s
ropes	n	rope _s
ropes	v	rope _es
rosebuds	n	rosebud _s
rosebushes	n	rosebush _s
roses	n	rose _s
rosettes	n	rosette _s
rosewoods	n	rosewood _s
rosins	n	rosin _s
rosters	n	roster _s
rostrums	n	rostrum _s
rosy	a	rose _y
rosy	n	rose _y
rosy	v	rose _y
rotas	n	rota _s
rotated	v	rotate _ed
rotates	v	rotate _es
rotation	n	rotate _ion
rotations	n	rotate _ion _s
rotisseries	n	rotisserie _s
rotors	n	rotor _s
rots	n	rot _s
rots	v	rot _es
rotted	v	rot _ed
rottenest	a	rotten _est
rottenness	a	rotten _ness
rottenness	n	rotten _ness
rotter	n	rot _er
rotters	n	rot _er _s
rotting	v	rot _ing
rottweilers	n	rottweiler _s
rotundas	n	rotunda _s
roubles	n	rouble _s
roues	n	roue _s
rouged	v	rouge _ed
rouges	n	rouge _s
rouges	v	rouge _es
roughed	v	rough _ed
roughened	v	roughen _ed
roughening	v	roughen _ing
roughens	v	roughen _es
rougher	a	rough _er
roughest	a	rough _est
roughhoused	v	roughhouse _ed
roughing	v	rough _ing
roughly	r	rough _ly
roughnecks	n	roughneck _s
roughness	a	rough _ness
roughness	n	rough _ness
roughness	v	rough _ness
roughs	n	rough _s
roughs	v	rough _es
roundabouts	n	roundabout _s
rounded	v	round _ed
roundelays	n	roundelay _s
roundels	n	roundel _s
rounder	a	round _er
rounders	n	rounder _s
roundest	a	round _est
roundhouses	n	roundhouse _s
rounding	v	round _ing
roundly	r	round _ly
roundly	v	round _ly
roundness	n	round _ness
rounds	n	round _s
rounds	v	round _es
roundups	n	roundup _s
roundworms	n	roundworm _s
roused	v	rouse _ed
rouses	n	rous _s
rouses	v	rouse _es
roustabouts	n	roustabout _s
routed	v	rout _ed
routeing	v	route _ing
routers	n	router _s
routes	n	route _s
routes	v	rout _es
routinely	a	routine _ly
routinely	r	routine _ly
routines	n	routine _s
routing	v	rout _ing
routs	n	rout _s
routs	v	rout _es
roved	v	rove _ed
rover	a	rove _er
rover	n	rove _er
rover	o	rove _er
rover	r	rove _er
rover	v	rove _er
rovers	n	rove _er _s
roves	v	rove _es
rowans	n	rowan _s
rowboats	n	rowboat _s
rowdiness	n	rowdy _ness
rowed	v	row _ed
rower	a	row _er
rower	n	row _er
rowers	n	row _er _s
rowing	v	row _ing
rowlocks	n	rowlock _s
rows	n	row _s
rows	v	row _es
royalists	n	royalist _s
royally	r	royal _ly
royals	n	royal _s
rs	n	r _s
rubatos	n	rubato _s
rubbed	v	rub _ed
rubberized	v	rubberize _ed
rubbernecked	v	rubberneck _ed
rubberneckers	n	rubbernecker _s
rubbernecking	v	rubberneck _ing
rubbernecks	n	rubberneck _s
rubbers	n	rubber _s
rubbery	n	rubber _y
rubbery	r	rubber _y
rubbing	v	rub _ing
rubbings	n	rubbing _s
rubbished	v	rubbish _ed
rubbishes	n	rubbish _s
rubbishes	v	rubbish _es
rubbishing	v	rubbish _ing
rubbishy	a	rubbish _y
rubbishy	n	rubbish _y
rubdowns	n	rubdown _s
rubes	n	rube _s
rubrics	n	rubric _s
rubs	n	rub _s
rubs	v	rub _es
rucked	v	ruck _ed
rucking	v	ruck _ing
rucks	n	ruck _s
rucks	v	ruck _es
rucksacks	n	rucksack _s
ruckuses	n	ruckus _s
ructions	n	ruction _s
rudderless	a	rudder _less
rudderless	n	rudder _less
rudders	n	rudder _s
rudely	r	rude _ly
rudeness	n	rude _ness
rudeness	v	rude _ness
ruder	a	rude _r
rudest	a	rude _st
rudiments	n	rudiment _s
rued	v	rue _ed
rueful	a	rue _ful
ruefully	n	rue _ful _ly
ruefully	r	rue _ful _ly
rues	n	rue _s
rues	v	rue _es
ruffed	v	ruff _ed
ruffians	n	ruffian _s
ruffled	v	ruffle _ed
ruffles	n	ruffle _s
ruffles	v	ruffle _es
ruffs	n	ruff _s
ruggedly	a	rug _ed _ly
ruggedly	r	rug _ed _ly
ruggedness	n	rugged _ness
rugs	n	rug _s
ruined	v	ruin _ed
ruining	v	ruin _ing
ruinous	a	ruin _ous
ruinously	r	ruin _ous _ly
ruins	n	ruin _s
ruins	v	ruin _es
ruled	v	rule _ed
ruler	a	rule _er
ruler	n	rule _er
ruler	o	rule _er
ruler	v	rule _er
rulers	n	rule _er _s
rules	n	rule _s
rules	v	rule _es
rulings	n	ruling _s
rumbas	n	rumba _s
rumbled	v	rumble _ed
rumbles	n	rumble _s
rumbles	v	rumble _es
rumblings	n	rumbling _s
ruminants	n	ruminant _s
ruminated	v	ruminate _ed
ruminates	v	ruminate _es
ruminations	n	ruminate _ion _s
rummaged	v	rummage _ed
rummages	n	rummage _s
rummages	v	rummage _es
rumoured	v	rumour _ed
rumours	n	rumour _s
rumours	v	rumour _es
rumpled	v	rumple _ed
rumps	n	rump _s
rums	n	rum _s
runabouts	n	runabout _s
runaways	n	runaway _s
rundowns	n	rundown _s
runes	n	rune _s
rungs	n	rung _s
runic	a	rune _ic
runnels	n	runnel _s
runner	a	run _er
runner	n	run _er
runner	v	run _er
runners	n	run _er _s
running	v	run _ing
runny	a	run _y
runny	n	run _y
runny	v	run _y
runoffs	n	runoff _s
runs	n	run _s
runs	v	run _es
runts	n	runt _s
runways	n	runway _s
rupees	n	rupee _s
rupiahs	n	rupiah _s
ruptured	v	rupture _ed
ruptures	n	rupture _s
ruptures	v	rupture _es
ruses	n	rus _s
rushed	v	rush _ed
rushers	n	rusher _s
rushes	n	rush _s
rushes	v	rush _es
rushing	v	rush _ing
rushy	a	rush _y
rushy	n	rush _y
rusks	n	rusk _s
russets	n	russet _s
rusted	v	rust _ed
rusticated	v	rusticate _ed
rusticity	n	rustic _ity
rustics	n	rustic _s
rustiness	n	rust _y _ness
rusting	v	rust _ing
rustled	v	rustle _ed
rustler	n	rustle _er
rustlers	n	rustle _er _s
rustles	n	rustle _s
rustles	v	rustle _es
rustlings	n	rustling _s
rusts	n	rust _s
rusts	v	rust _es
rusty	a	rust _y
rusty	n	rust _y
rusty	v	rust _y
rutabagas	n	rutabaga _s
ruthlessly	r	ruth _less _ly
ruthlessly	v	ruth _less _ly
ruthlessness	a	ruth _less _ness
ruthlessness	n	ruth _less _ness
ruthlessness	v	ruth _less _ness
ruts	n	rut _s
ruts	v	rut _es
rutted	v	rut _ed
rutting	v	rut _ing
sabbaths	n	sabbath _s
sabbaticals	n	sabbatical _s
sables	n	sable _s
sabotaged	v	sabotage _ed
sabotages	n	sabotage _s
sabotages	v	sabotage _es
saboteurs	n	saboteur _s
sabres	n	sabre _s
sabres	v	sabre _es
sachets	n	sachet _s
sacked	v	sack _ed
sackfuls	n	sackful _s
sacking	v	sack _ing
sackings	n	sacking _s
sackings	v	sack _es
sacks	n	sack _s
sacks	v	sack _es
sacramental	a	sacrament _al
sacramental	n	sacrament _al
sacraments	n	sacrament _s
sacredness	n	sacred _ness
sacrificed	v	sacrifice _ed
sacrifices	n	sacrifice _s
sacrifices	v	sacrifice _es
sacrificially	r	sacrifice _al _ly
sacrileges	n	sacrilege _s
sacrilegious	a	sacrilege _ous
sacristans	n	sacristan _s
sacs	n	sac _s
saddened	v	sadden _ed
saddening	v	sadden _ing
saddens	v	sadden _es
sadder	a	sad _er
saddest	a	sad _est
saddlebags	n	saddlebag _s
saddled	v	saddle _ed
saddler	n	saddle _er
saddlers	n	saddle _er _s
saddles	n	saddle _s
saddles	v	saddle _es
sadhus	n	sadhu _s
sadist	a	sad _ism _ist
sadist	n	sad _ism _ist
sadist	v	sad _ism _ist
sadistic	a	sadism _ist _ic
sadistic	n	sadism _ist _ic
sadistic	v	sadism _ist _ic
sadists	n	sad _ism _ist _s
sadly	a	sad _ly
sadly	n	sad _ly
sadly	r	sad _ly
sadness	a	sad _ness
sadness	n	sad _ness
sadness	r	sad _ness
sadness	v	sad _ness
sadomasochists	n	sadomasochist _s
safaris	n	safari _s
safeguarded	v	safeguard _ed
safeguarding	v	safeguard _ing
safeguards	n	safeguard _s
safeguards	v	safeguard _es
safely	a	safe _ly
safely	r	safe _ly
safer	a	safe _r
safes	n	safe _s
safest	a	safe _st
saffrons	n	saffron _s
sagas	n	saga _s
sages	n	sage _s
sages	v	sag _es
sagest	a	sage _st
sagged	v	sag _ed
sagging	v	sag _ing
sags	n	sag _s
sags	v	sag _es
saguaros	n	saguaro _s
sahibs	n	sahib _s
sailboats	n	sailboat _s
sailed	v	sail _ed
sailing	v	sail _ing
sailings	n	sailing _s
sailings	v	sail _es
sailors	n	sailor _s
sailplanes	n	sailplane _s
sails	n	sail _s
sails	v	sail _es
sainted	v	saint _ed
saintliness	n	saint _ly _ness
saints	n	saint _s
saints	v	saint _es
salaaming	v	salaam _ing
salads	n	salad _s
salamanders	n	salamander _s
salamis	n	salami _s
salerooms	n	saleroom _s
sales	n	sale _s
salesclerks	n	salesclerk _s
salesgirls	n	salesgirl _s
salespersons	n	salesperson _s
salesrooms	n	salesroom _s
salients	n	salient _s
salines	n	saline _s
salinity	n	saline _ity
salivated	v	salivate _ed
salivates	v	salivate _es
salivation	n	salivate _ion
salmons	n	salmon _s
salons	n	salon _s
saloons	n	saloon _s
salsas	n	salsa _s
saltboxes	n	saltbox _s
saltcellars	n	saltcellar _s
salted	v	salt _ed
saltines	n	saltine _s
saltiness	a	salt _y _ness
saltiness	n	salt _y _ness
salting	v	salt _ing
salts	n	salt _s
salts	v	salt _es
saltshakers	n	saltshaker _s
salty	a	salt _y
salty	n	salt _y
salty	v	salt _y
salutations	n	salutation _s
saluted	v	salute _ed
salutes	n	salute _s
salutes	v	salute _es
salvaged	v	salvage _ed
salvages	n	salvage _s
salvages	v	salvage _es
salved	v	salve _ed
salvers	n	salver _s
salves	n	salve _s
salves	v	salve _es
salvos	n	salvo _s
sambaed	v	samba _ed
sambas	n	samba _s
sambas	v	samba _es
sameness	n	same _ness
sames	n	same _s
samosas	n	samosa _s
samovars	n	samovar _s
sampans	n	sampan _s
sampled	v	sample _ed
sampler	a	sample _er
sampler	n	sample _er
sampler	v	sample _er
samplers	n	sample _er _s
samples	n	sample _s
samples	v	sample _es
samplings	n	sampling _s
samurais	n	samurai _s
sanatoriums	n	sanatorium _s
sanctifying	v	sanctify _ing
sanctimonious	a	sanctimony _ous
sanctioned	v	sanction _ed
sanctioning	v	sanction _ing
sanctions	n	sanction _s
sanctions	v	sanction _es
sanctums	n	sanctum _s
sandals	n	sandal _s
sandbagged	v	sandbag _ed
sandbagging	v	sandbag _ing
sandbags	n	sandbag _s
sandbags	v	sandbag _es
sandbanks	n	sandbank _s
sandbars	n	sandbar _s
sandblasted	v	sandblast _ed
sandblasting	v	sandblast _ing
sandboxes	n	sandbox _s
sanded	v	sand _ed
sander	n	sand _er
sanders	n	sand _er _s
sanding	v	sand _ing
sandpapered	v	sandpaper _ed
sandpapering	v	sandpaper _ing
sandpapers	v	sandpaper _es
sandpipers	n	sandpiper _s
sandpits	n	sandpit _s
sands	n	sand _s
sands	v	sand _es
sandstorms	n	sandstorm _s
sandwiched	v	sandwich _ed
sandwiches	n	sandwich _s
sandwiches	v	sandwich _es
sandwiching	v	sandwich _ing
sandy	a	sand _y
sandy	n	sand _y
sandy	o	sand _y
sandy	r	sand _y
sandy	v	sand _y
sanely	r	sane _ly
saner	a	sane _r
sanest	a	sane _st
sanitariums	n	sanitarium _s
sanitized	v	sanitize _ed
sanitizes	v	sanitize _es
sanity	n	sane _ity
saplings	n	sapling _s
sapped	v	sap _ed
sapper	a	sap _er
sapper	n	sap _er
sappers	n	sap _er _s
sapphires	n	sapphire _s
sapping	v	sap _ing
sappy	a	sap _y
saps	n	sap _s
saps	v	sap _es
sapsuckers	n	sapsucker _s
sarcasms	n	sarcasm _s
sarcastic	a	sarcasm _ic
sarcastic	n	sarcasm _ic
sarcomas	n	sarcoma _s
sardines	n	sardine _s
saris	n	sari _s
sarongs	n	sarong _s
sarsaparillas	n	sarsaparilla _s
sartorially	r	sartor _al _ly
sashayed	v	sashay _ed
sashaying	v	sashay _ing
sashays	n	sashay _s
sashays	v	sashay _es
sashes	n	sash _s
sass	n	sas _s
sassed	v	sass _ed
sasses	n	sas _s _s
sasses	v	sass _es
sassing	v	sass _ing
sassy	a	sass _y
sassy	n	sass _y
satanic	a	satan _ic
satanic	n	satan _ic
satanic	v	satan _ic
satanists	n	satanist _s
satchels	n	satchel _s
sated	v	sate _ed
satellites	n	satellite _s
satellites	v	satellite _es
sates	v	sate _es
satiated	v	satiate _ed
satiates	v	satiate _es
satiny	a	satin _y
satiny	n	satin _y
satires	n	satire _s
satiric	a	satire _ic
satirically	r	satire _ic _al _ly
satirists	n	satirist _s
satirize	v	satire _ize
satirized	v	satire _ize _ed
satirizes	v	satire _ize _es
satisfaction	a	satisfy _ion
satisfaction	n	satisfy _ion
satisfaction	v	satisfy _ion
satisfactions	n	satisfy _ion _s
satisfactorily	a	satisfactory _ly
satisfactorily	n	satisfactory _ly
satisfactorily	r	satisfactory _ly
satisfying	v	satisfy _ing
satisfyingly	r	satisfy _ing _ly
satraps	n	satrap _s
satsumas	n	satsuma _s
saturated	v	saturate _ed
saturates	v	saturate _es
satyrs	n	satyr _s
sauced	v	sauce _ed
saucepans	n	saucepan _s
saucers	n	saucer _s
sauces	n	sauce _s
sauces	v	sauce _es
saucy	a	sauce _y
saucy	n	sauce _y
saucy	v	sauce _y
saunas	n	sauna _s
sauntered	v	saunter _ed
sauntering	v	saunter _ing
saunters	n	saunter _s
saunters	v	saunter _es
sauropods	n	sauropod _s
sausages	n	sausage _s
sauteed	v	saute _ed
sauteing	v	saute _ing
savaged	v	savage _ed
savagely	a	savage _ly
savagely	r	savage _ly
savages	n	savage _s
savages	v	savage _es
savannas	n	savanna _s
savants	n	savant _s
saved	v	save _ed
saver	a	save _er
saver	n	save _er
saver	o	save _er
saver	r	save _er
saver	v	save _er
savers	n	save _er _s
saves	n	save _s
saves	v	save _es
savings	n	saving _s
saviours	n	saviour _s
savoured	v	savour _ed
savouring	v	savour _ing
savours	n	savour _s
savours	v	savour _es
savoury	a	savour _y
savoury	n	savour _y
savoury	r	savour _y
savoury	v	savour _y
savoys	n	savoy _s
sawed	v	saw _ed
sawhorses	n	sawhorse _s
sawing	v	saw _ing
sawmills	n	sawmill _s
saws	n	saw _s
saws	v	saw _es
sawyer	n	saw _er
sawyers	n	saw _er _s
saxes	n	sax _s
saxifrages	n	saxifrage _s
saxophones	n	saxophone _s
saxophonists	n	saxophonist _s
saying	v	say _ing
sayings	n	saying _s
says	n	say _s
says	v	say _es
scabbards	n	scabbard _s
scabby	a	scab _y
scabby	n	scab _y
scabs	n	scab _s
scabs	v	scab _es
scads	n	scad _s
scaffolding	v	scaffold _ing
scaffolds	n	scaffold _s
scaffolds	v	scaffold _es
scalars	n	scalar _s
scalawags	n	scalawag _s
scalded	v	scald _ed
scalding	v	scald _ing
scalds	n	scald _s
scalds	v	scald _es
scaled	v	scale _ed
scales	n	scale _s
scales	v	scale _es
scallions	n	scallion _s
scalloped	v	scallop _ed
scalloping	v	scallop _ing
scallops	n	scallop _s
scallops	v	scallop _es
scalped	v	scalp _ed
scalpels	n	scalpel _s
scalpers	n	scalper _s
scalping	v	scalp _ing
scalps	n	scalp _s
scalps	v	scalp _es
scaly	a	scale _y
scaly	n	scale _y
scaly	v	scale _y
scammers	n	scammer _s
scampered	v	scamper _ed
scampering	v	scamper _ing
scampers	n	scamper _s
scampers	v	scamper _es
scamps	n	scamp _s
scams	n	scam _s
scams	v	scam _es
scandalize	v	scandal _ize
scandalized	v	scandal _ize _ed
scandalizes	v	scandal _ize _es
scandalmongers	n	scandalmonger _s
scandalous	a	scandal _ous
scandalously	r	scandal _ous _ly
scandals	n	scandal _s
scanned	v	scan _ed
scanner	n	scan _er
scanner	r	scan _er
scanner	v	scan _er
scanners	n	scan _er _s
scanning	v	scan _ing
scans	n	scan _s
scans	v	scan _es
scanted	v	scant _ed
scantest	a	scant _est
scantily	a	scanty _ly
scantily	r	scanty _ly
scapegoats	n	scapegoat _s
scapulae	n	scapula _e
scapulars	n	scapular _s
scarabs	n	scarab _s
scarcely	a	scarce _ly
scarcely	r	scarce _ly
scarcer	a	scarce _r
scarcest	a	scarce _st
scarcity	n	scarce _ity
scarecrows	n	scarecrow _s
scared	v	scare _ed
scaremongers	n	scaremonger _s
scares	n	scare _s
scares	v	scare _es
scarfed	v	scarf _ed
scarfing	v	scarf _ing
scarfs	n	scarf _s
scarfs	v	scarf _es
scarifying	v	scarify _ing
scaring	v	scare _ing
scarpered	v	scarper _ed
scarpering	v	scarper _ing
scarpers	v	scarper _es
scarps	n	scarp _s
scarred	v	scar _ed
scarring	v	scar _ing
scars	n	scar _s
scars	v	scar _es
scary	a	scare _y
scary	n	scare _y
scary	v	scare _y
scathingly	r	scathe _ing _ly
scats	n	scat _s
scats	v	scat _es
scatted	v	scat _ed
scatterbrains	n	scatterbrain _s
scattered	v	scatter _ed
scattering	v	scatter _ing
scatterings	n	scattering _s
scatters	n	scatter _s
scatters	v	scatter _es
scatting	v	scat _ing
scavenged	v	scavenge _ed
scavenger	a	scavenge _er
scavenger	n	scavenge _er
scavengers	n	scavenge _er _s
scavenges	v	scavenge _es
scenarios	n	scenario _s
scenarist	n	scenario _ist
scenes	n	scene _s
scenic	a	scene _ic
scenic	n	scene _ic
scenic	v	scene _ic
scented	v	scent _ed
scenting	v	scent _ing
scentless	a	scent _less
scentless	n	scent _less
scents	n	scent _s
scents	v	scent _es
sceptres	n	sceptre _s
scheduled	v	schedule _ed
schedulers	n	scheduler _s
schedules	n	schedule _s
schedules	v	schedule _es
schemata	n	schema _ta
schematics	n	schematic _s
schematize	v	scheme _ize
schematized	v	scheme _ize _ed
schemed	v	scheme _ed
schemer	a	scheme _er
schemer	n	scheme _er
schemers	n	scheme _er _s
schemes	n	scheme _s
schemes	v	scheme _es
scherzos	n	scherzo _s
schillings	n	schilling _s
schisms	n	schism _s
schist	a	schism _ist
schist	n	schism _ist
schist	v	schism _ist
schizophrenic	a	schizophrenia _ic
schizophrenic	n	schizophrenia _ic
schizophrenics	n	schizophrenia _ic _s
schlemiels	n	schlemiel _s
schleps	n	schlep _s
schleps	v	schlep _es
schmaltzy	a	schmaltz _y
schmaltzy	n	schmaltz _y
schmoes	n	schmo _s
schmoozed	v	schmooze _ed
schmoozers	n	schmoozer _s
schmoozes	n	schmooze _s
schmoozes	v	schmooze _es
schmucks	n	schmuck _s
schnauzers	n	schnauzer _s
schnitzels	n	schnitzel _s
schnooks	n	schnook _s
scholars	n	scholar _s
scholarships	n	scholarship _s
schoolbags	n	schoolbag _s
schoolbooks	n	schoolbook _s
schoolboys	n	schoolboy _s
schooled	v	school _ed
schoolfellows	n	schoolfellow _s
schoolgirls	n	schoolgirl _s
schoolhouses	n	schoolhouse _s
schooling	v	school _ing
schoolmarms	n	schoolmarm _s
schoolmasters	n	schoolmaster _s
schoolmates	n	schoolmate _s
schoolmistresses	n	schoolmistress _s
schoolrooms	n	schoolroom _s
schools	n	school _s
schoolteachers	n	schoolteacher _s
schoolyards	n	schoolyard _s
schooners	n	schooner _s
schussed	v	schuss _ed
schussing	v	schuss _ing
sciences	n	science _s
scientist	a	science _ist
scientist	n	science _ist
scientist	v	science _ist
scientists	n	science _ist _s
scimitars	n	scimitar _s
scintillas	n	scintilla _s
scintillated	v	scintillate _ed
scintillates	v	scintillate _es
scions	n	scion _s
scissored	v	scissor _ed
scissoring	v	scissor _ing
scissors	v	scissor _es
scoffed	v	scoff _ed
scoffer	n	scoff _er
scoffers	n	scoff _er _s
scoffing	v	scoff _ing
scofflaws	n	scofflaw _s
scoffs	n	scoff _s
scoffs	v	scoff _es
scolded	v	scold _ed
scolding	v	scold _ing
scoldings	n	scolding _s
scolds	n	scold _s
scolds	v	scold _es
sconces	n	sconce _s
scones	n	scone _s
scooped	v	scoop _ed
scooping	v	scoop _ing
scoops	n	scoop _s
scoops	v	scoop _es
scooted	v	scoot _ed
scooter	n	scoot _er
scooters	n	scoot _er _s
scooting	v	scoot _ing
scoots	v	scoot _es
scopes	n	scope _s
scorched	v	scorch _ed
scorcher	a	scorch _er
scorcher	n	scorch _er
scorchers	n	scorch _er _s
scorches	n	scorch _s
scorches	v	scorch _es
scorching	v	scorch _ing
scoreboards	n	scoreboard _s
scorecards	n	scorecard _s
scored	v	score _ed
scorekeepers	n	scorekeeper _s
scoreless	a	score _less
scoreless	n	score _less
scorer	a	score _er
scorer	n	score _er
scorer	r	score _er
scorer	v	score _er
scorers	n	score _er _s
scores	n	score _s
scores	v	score _es
scorned	v	scorn _ed
scorners	n	scorner _s
scornful	a	scorn _ful
scornful	n	scorn _ful
scornfully	r	scorn _ful _ly
scorning	v	scorn _ing
scorns	n	scorn _s
scorns	v	scorn _es
scorpions	n	scorpion _s
scotched	v	scotch _ed
scotches	n	scotch _s
scotches	v	scotch _es
scotching	v	scotch _ing
scoundrels	n	scoundrel _s
scoured	v	scour _ed
scourer	n	scour _er
scourers	n	scour _er _s
scourged	v	scourge _ed
scourges	n	scourge _s
scourges	v	scourge _es
scouring	v	scour _ing
scours	n	scour _s
scours	v	scour _es
scouted	v	scout _ed
scouters	n	scouter _s
scouting	v	scout _ing
scoutmasters	n	scoutmaster _s
scouts	n	scout _s
scouts	v	scout _es
scowled	v	scowl _ed
scowling	v	scowl _ing
scowls	n	scowl _s
scowls	v	scowl _es
scrabbled	v	scrabble _ed
scrabbles	n	scrabble _s
scrabbles	v	scrabble _es
scraggy	a	scrag _y
scraggy	n	scrag _y
scrags	v	scrag _es
scrambled	v	scramble _ed
scrambler	n	scramble _er
scrambler	v	scramble _er
scramblers	n	scramble _er _s
scrambles	n	scramble _s
scrambles	v	scramble _es
scrapbooks	n	scrapbook _s
scraped	v	scrape _ed
scraper	a	scrape _er
scraper	n	scrape _er
scrapers	n	scrape _er _s
scrapes	n	scrape _s
scrapes	v	scrap _es
scrapheaps	n	scrapheap _s
scraping	v	scrap _ing
scrapings	n	scraping _s
scrapped	v	scrap _ed
scrappers	n	scrapper _s
scrapping	v	scrap _ing
scrappy	a	scrap _y
scraps	n	scrap _s
scraps	v	scrap _es
scratched	v	scratch _ed
scratches	n	scratch _s
scratches	v	scratch _es
scratching	v	scratch _ing
scratchy	a	scratch _y
scratchy	n	scratch _y
scratchy	v	scratch _y
scrawled	v	scrawl _ed
scrawling	v	scrawl _ing
scrawls	n	scrawl _s
scrawls	v	scrawl _es
screamed	v	scream _ed
screamers	n	screamer _s
screaming	v	scream _ing
screams	n	scream _s
screams	v	scream _es
screeched	v	screech _ed
screeches	n	screech _s
screeches	v	screech _es
screeching	v	screech _ing
screeds	n	screed _s
screened	v	screen _ed
screening	v	screen _ing
screenings	n	screening _s
screenings	v	screen _es
screenplays	n	screenplay _s
screens	n	screen _s
screens	v	screen _es
screenwriters	n	screenwriter _s
screes	n	scree _s
screwdrivers	n	screwdriver _s
screwed	v	screw _ed
screwing	v	screw _ing
screws	n	screw _s
screws	v	screw _es
screwy	a	screw _y
screwy	n	screw _y
scribbled	v	scribble _ed
scribbler	n	scribble _er
scribblers	n	scribble _er _s
scribbles	n	scribble _s
scribbles	v	scribble _es
scribes	n	scribe _s
scribes	v	scribe _es
scrimmaged	v	scrimmage _ed
scrimmages	n	scrimmage _s
scrimmages	v	scrimmage _es
scrimped	v	scrimp _ed
scrimping	v	scrimp _ing
scrimps	v	scrimp _es
scrims	n	scrim _s
scrimshaws	n	scrimshaw _s
scrips	n	scrip _s
scripted	v	script _ed
scripting	v	script _ing
scripts	n	script _s
scripts	v	script _es
scriptural	a	scripture _al
scriptural	v	scripture _al
scriptures	n	scripture _s
scriptwriters	n	scriptwriter _s
scriveners	n	scrivener _s
scrofulous	a	scrofula _ous
scrolled	v	scroll _ed
scrolling	v	scroll _ing
scrolls	n	scroll _s
scrolls	v	scroll _es
scrooges	n	scrooge _s
scrounged	v	scrounge _ed
scrounger	n	scrounge _er
scroungers	n	scrounge _er _s
scrounges	v	scrounge _es
scrubbed	v	scrub _ed
scrubber	n	scrub _er
scrubber	v	scrub _er
scrubbers	n	scrub _er _s
scrubbing	v	scrub _ing
scrubby	a	scrub _y
scrubby	n	scrub _y
scrubby	v	scrub _y
scrubs	n	scrub _s
scrubs	v	scrub _es
scruffs	n	scruff _s
scruffy	a	scruff _y
scruffy	n	scruff _y
scruffy	v	scruff _y
scrummages	n	scrummage _s
scrums	n	scrum _s
scrunched	v	scrunch _ed
scrunches	n	scrunch _s
scrunches	v	scrunch _es
scrunching	v	scrunch _ing
scrupled	v	scruple _ed
scruples	n	scruple _s
scrupulous	a	scruple _ous
scrupulously	a	scruple _ous _ly
scrupulously	n	scruple _ous _ly
scrupulously	r	scruple _ous _ly
scrupulousness	n	scruple _ous _ness
scrutineers	n	scrutineer _s
scrutinize	v	scrutiny _ize
scrutinized	v	scrutiny _ize _ed
scrutinizes	v	scrutiny _ize _es
scubas	n	scuba _s
scudded	v	scud _ed
scudding	v	scud _ing
scuds	n	scud _s
scuffed	v	scuff _ed
scuffing	v	scuff _ing
scuffled	v	scuffle _ed
scuffles	n	scuffle _s
scuffles	v	scuffle _es
scuffs	n	scuff _s
scuffs	v	scuff _es
sculled	v	scull _ed
sculler	n	scull _er
scullers	n	scull _er _s
sculling	v	scull _ing
scullions	n	scullion _s
sculls	n	scull _s
sculls	v	scull _es
sculpted	v	sculpt _ed
sculpting	v	sculpt _ing
sculptors	n	sculptor _s
sculpts	v	sculpt _es
sculptural	a	sculpture _al
sculptured	v	sculpture _ed
sculptures	n	sculpture _s
sculptures	v	sculpture _es
scummy	a	scum _y
scummy	n	scum _y
scums	n	scum _s
scuppered	v	scupper _ed
scuppering	v	scupper _ing
scuppers	n	scupper _s
scuppers	v	scupper _es
scurfy	n	scurf _y
scurrying	v	scurry _ing
scurvy	a	scurf _y
scurvy	n	scurf _y
scurvy	v	scurf _y
scuttled	v	scuttle _ed
scuttles	n	scuttle _s
scuttles	v	scuttle _es
scythed	v	scythe _ed
scythes	n	scythe _s
scythes	v	scythe _es
seabeds	n	seabed _s
seabirds	n	seabird _s
seaboards	n	seaboard _s
seacoasts	n	seacoast _s
seafarers	n	seafarer _s
seafronts	n	seafront _s
seagulls	n	seagull _s
seahorses	n	seahorse _s
sealants	n	sealant _s
sealed	v	seal _ed
sealer	n	seal _er
sealers	n	seal _er _s
sealing	v	seal _ing
seals	n	seal _s
seals	v	seal _es
seamed	v	seam _ed
seaming	v	seam _ing
seamless	a	seam _less
seamless	n	seam _less
seamounts	n	seamount _s
seams	n	seam _s
seams	v	seam _es
seamstresses	n	seamstress _s
seamy	a	seam _y
seamy	n	seam _y
seances	n	seance _s
seaplanes	n	seaplane _s
seaports	n	seaport _s
searched	v	search _ed
searcher	a	search _er
searcher	n	search _er
searchers	n	search _er _s
searches	n	search _s
searches	v	search _es
searching	v	search _ing
searchingly	r	search _ing _ly
searchlights	n	searchlight _s
seared	v	sear _ed
searing	v	sear _ing
sears	v	sear _es
seas	n	sea _s
seascapes	n	seascape _s
seashells	n	seashell _s
seashores	n	seashore _s
seasickness	a	seasick _ness
seasickness	n	seasick _ness
seasickness	v	seasick _ness
seasonable	a	season _able
seasonably	r	season _able _ly
seasonal	a	season _al
seasonal	n	season _al
seasonally	r	season _al _ly
seasoned	v	season _ed
seasoning	v	season _ing
seasonings	n	seasoning _s
seasons	n	season _s
seasons	v	season _es
seated	v	seat _ed
seating	v	seat _ing
seats	n	seat _s
seats	v	seat _es
seawalls	n	seawall _s
seawards	n	seaward _s
seaways	n	seaway _s
seaweeds	n	seaweed _s
secants	n	secant _s
seceded	v	secede _ed
secessionist	a	secession _ist
secessionist	n	secession _ist
secessionists	n	secession _ist _s
secluded	v	seclude _ed
secludes	v	seclude _es
seclusion	n	seclude _ion
secondarily	r	second _ary _ly
seconded	v	second _ed
seconder	n	second _er
seconding	v	second _ing
secondly	r	second _ly
secondment	a	second _ment
secondment	n	second _ment
secondments	n	second _ment _s
seconds	n	second _s
seconds	v	second _es
secretarial	a	secretary _al
secretarial	n	secretary _al
secretariats	n	secretariat _s
secreted	v	secrete _ed
secretes	v	secrete _es
secretion	n	secrete _ion
secretions	n	secrete _ion _s
secretively	r	secret _ive _ly
secretiveness	n	secret _ive _ness
secretly	r	secret _ly
secrets	n	secret _s
secs	n	sec _s
sectarians	n	sectarian _s
sectional	a	section _al
sectional	n	section _al
sectionals	n	section _al _s
sectioned	v	section _ed
sectioning	v	section _ing
sections	n	section _s
sections	v	section _es
sectors	n	sector _s
sects	n	sect _s
secularist	a	secular _ism _ist
secularist	n	secular _ism _ist
secularists	n	secular _ism _ist _s
secularized	v	secular _ize _ed
secured	v	secure _ed
securely	r	secure _ly
securer	a	secure _r
secures	v	secure _es
securest	a	secure _st
security	n	secure _ity
sedans	n	sedan _s
sedated	v	sedate _ed
sedately	r	sedate _ly
sedates	v	sedate _es
sedation	n	sedate _ion
sedatives	n	sedative _s
sediments	n	sediment _s
seditious	a	sedition _ous
seduced	v	seduce _ed
seducer	n	seduce _er
seducers	n	seduce _er _s
seduces	v	seduce _es
seduction	n	seduce _ion
seductions	n	seduce _ion _s
seductively	r	seduct _ive _ly
seductiveness	n	seduce _ive _ness
seductresses	n	seductress _s
sedulously	r	sedulity _ous _ly
seedbeds	n	seedbed _s
seeded	v	seed _ed
seeders	n	seeder _s
seediness	n	seed _y _ness
seeding	v	seed _ing
seedless	a	seed _less
seedless	n	seed _less
seedlings	n	seedling _s
seedpods	n	seedpod _s
seeds	n	seed _s
seeds	v	seed _es
seedy	a	seed _y
seedy	n	seed _y
seeing	v	see _ing
seeings	n	seeing _s
seeings	v	see _es
seeker	n	seek _er
seekers	n	seek _er _s
seeking	v	seek _ing
seeks	n	seek _s
seeks	v	seek _es
seemed	v	seem _ed
seeming	v	seem _ing
seemingly	n	seem _ing _ly
seemingly	r	seem _ing _ly
seems	v	seem _es
seen	v	see _n
seeped	v	seep _ed
seeping	v	seep _ing
seeps	v	seep _es
seer	n	see _er
seers	n	see _er _s
sees	n	see _s
sees	v	see _es
seesawed	v	seesaw _ed
seesawing	v	seesaw _ing
seesaws	n	seesaw _s
seesaws	v	seesaw _es
seethed	v	seethe _ed
seethes	v	seethe _es
segmented	v	segment _ed
segmenting	v	segment _ing
segments	n	segment _s
segments	v	segment _es
segregated	v	segregate _ed
segregates	n	segregate _s
segregates	v	segregate _es
segregationists	n	segregationist _s
segued	v	segue _ed
segueing	v	segue _ing
segues	n	segue _s
segues	v	segue _es
seigneurs	n	seigneur _s
seined	v	seine _ed
seines	n	seine _s
seines	v	seine _es
seismographs	n	seismograph _s
seismologist	n	seismology _ist
seismologists	n	seismology _ist _s
seized	v	seize _ed
seizes	v	seize _es
seizures	n	seizure _s
selected	v	select _ed
selecting	v	select _ing
selection	a	select _ion
selection	n	select _ion
selection	v	select _ion
selections	n	select _ion _s
selectively	a	select _ive _ly
selectively	r	select _ive _ly
selectivity	n	selective _ity
selectors	n	selector _s
selects	v	select _es
selfishly	a	selfish _ly
selfishly	r	selfish _ly
selfishly	v	selfish _ly
selfishness	a	selfish _ness
selfishness	n	selfish _ness
selfishness	r	selfish _ness
selfishness	v	selfish _ness
selfless	a	self _less
selfless	n	self _less
selflessly	r	self _less _ly
selflessness	a	self _less _ness
selflessness	n	self _less _ness
seller	a	sell _er
seller	n	sell _er
seller	v	sell _er
sellers	n	sell _er _s
selling	v	sell _ing
selloffs	n	selloff _s
sellotaped	v	sellotape _ed
sellouts	n	sellout _s
sells	n	sell _s
sells	v	sell _es
seltzers	n	seltzer _s
selvages	n	selvage _s
semaphored	v	semaphore _ed
semaphores	n	semaphore _s
semaphores	v	semaphore _es
semblances	n	semblance _s
semesters	n	semester _s
semiautomatics	n	semiautomatic _s
semicircles	n	semicircle _s
semicolons	n	semicolon _s
semiconductors	n	semiconductor _s
semifinalists	n	semifinalist _s
semifinals	n	semifinal _s
seminal	a	semen _al
seminal	n	semen _al
seminal	v	semen _al
seminarians	n	seminarian _s
seminars	n	seminar _s
semiquavers	n	semiquaver _s
semis	n	semi _s
semitones	n	semitone _s
semitrailers	n	semitrailer _s
senates	n	senate _s
senators	n	senator _s
sender	n	send _er
sender	v	send _er
senders	n	send _er _s
sending	v	send _ing
sends	v	send _es
senility	n	senile _ity
seniority	n	senior _ity
seniors	n	senior _s
senoras	n	senora _s
senors	n	senor _s
sens	n	sen _s
sensational	a	sense _ion _al
sensational	n	sense _ion _al
sensationalist	a	sense _ion _al _ism _ist
sensationalist	n	sense _ion _al _ism _ist
sensationalists	n	sense _ion _al _ism _ist _s
sensationally	r	sense _ation _al _ly
sensations	n	sensation _s
sensed	v	sense _ed
senseless	a	sense _less
senseless	n	sense _less
senseless	r	sense _less
senseless	v	sense _less
senselessly	r	sense _less _ly
senselessness	n	sense _less _ness
senses	n	sens _s
senses	v	sense _es
sensibility	n	sense _ible _ity
sensibly	n	sense _ible _ly
sensibly	r	sense _ible _ly
sensibly	v	sense _ible _ly
sensitively	r	sense _tive _ly
sensitiveness	n	sense _tive _ness
sensitives	n	sensitive _s
sensitivity	n	sense _ive _ity
sensitize	n	sensitive _ize
sensitize	v	sensitive _ize
sensitized	v	sensitive _ize _ed
sensitizes	v	sensitive _ize _es
sensors	n	sensor _s
sensualists	n	sensualist _s
sensuality	n	sense _al _ity
sensuous	a	sense _ous
sensuously	r	sense _ous _ly
sensuousness	n	sense _ous _ness
sentenced	v	sentence _ed
sentences	n	sentence _s
sentences	v	sentence _es
sententious	a	sentence _ous
sentimental	a	sentiment _al
sentimental	n	sentiment _al
sentimental	v	sentiment _al
sentimentalists	n	sentimentalist _s
sentimentality	n	sentiment _al _ity
sentimentalized	v	sentimentalize _ed
sentimentalizes	v	sentimentalize _es
sentimentally	r	sentiment _al _ly
sentiments	n	sentiment _s
sentinels	n	sentinel _s
sepals	n	sepal _s
separability	n	separate _able _ity
separable	a	separate _able
separated	v	separate _ed
separately	r	separate _ly
separately	v	separate _ly
separateness	n	separate _ness
separates	n	separate _s
separates	v	separate _es
separation	a	separate _ion
separation	n	separate _ion
separation	v	separate _ion
separations	n	separate _ion _s
separatist	a	separate _ist
separatist	n	separate _ist
separatist	v	separate _ist
separatists	n	separate _ist _s
separators	n	separator _s
septuagenarians	n	septuagenarian _s
sepulchral	a	sepulchre _al
sepulchres	n	sepulchre _s
sequels	n	sequel _s
sequenced	v	sequence _ed
sequencers	n	sequencer _s
sequences	n	sequence _s
sequences	v	sequence _es
sequentially	r	sequent _ial _ly
sequestered	v	sequester _ed
sequestering	v	sequester _ing
sequesters	v	sequester _es
sequestrated	v	sequestrate _ed
sequestrations	n	sequestration _s
sequins	n	sequin _s
sequoias	n	sequoia _s
serapes	n	serape _s
seraphic	a	seraph _ic
seraphs	n	seraph _s
serenaded	v	serenade _ed
serenades	n	serenade _s
serenades	v	serenade _es
serenely	r	serene _ly
serenest	a	serene _st
serenity	a	serene _ity
serenity	n	serene _ity
serfs	n	serf _s
sergeants	n	sergeant _s
serial	a	series _al
serial	n	series _al
serial	v	series _al
serializations	n	serialization _s
serialized	v	series _al _ize _ed
serially	r	series _al _ly
serials	n	series _al _s
serifs	n	serif _s
seriously	a	serious _ly
seriously	n	serious _ly
seriously	r	serious _ly
seriously	v	serious _ly
seriousness	a	serious _ness
seriousness	n	serious _ness
seriousness	v	serious _ness
sermonize	n	sermon _ize
sermonize	v	sermon _ize
sermonized	v	sermon _ize _ed
sermonizes	v	sermon _ize _es
sermons	n	sermon _s
serpents	n	serpent _s
serrated	v	serrate _ed
serrations	n	serration _s
serums	n	serum _s
servants	n	servant _s
served	v	serve _ed
server	a	serve _er
server	n	serve _er
server	o	serve _er
server	r	serve _er
server	v	serve _er
servers	n	serve _er _s
serves	v	serve _es
serviceability	n	service _able _ity
serviceable	a	service _able
serviceable	n	service _able
serviced	v	service _ed
services	n	service _s
services	v	service _es
serviettes	n	serviette _s
servility	n	servile _ity
servings	n	serving _s
servitors	n	servitor _s
servomechanisms	n	servomechanism _s
servos	n	servo _s
sessions	n	session _s
setbacks	n	setback _s
sets	n	set _s
sets	v	set _es
settees	n	settee _s
setter	a	set _er
setter	n	set _er
setters	n	set _er _s
setting	v	set _ing
settings	n	setting _s
settled	v	settle _ed
settlement	n	settle _ment
settlements	n	settle _ment _s
settler	a	settle _er
settler	n	settle _er
settlers	n	settle _er _s
settles	n	settle _s
settles	v	settle _es
setts	n	sett _s
setups	n	setup _s
sevens	n	seven _s
sevenths	n	seventh _s
severally	r	several _ly
severances	n	severance _s
severed	v	sever _ed
severely	a	severe _ly
severely	r	severe _ly
severer	a	severe _r
severest	a	severe _st
severing	v	sever _ing
severity	n	severe _ity
severs	v	sever _es
sewed	v	sew _ed
sewer	a	sew _er
sewer	n	sew _er
sewer	v	sew _er
sewers	n	sew _er _s
sewing	v	sew _ing
sewn	v	sew _n
sews	v	sew _es
sexagenarians	n	sexagenarian _s
sexed	v	sex _ed
sexes	n	sex _s
sexes	v	sex _es
sexily	r	sex _y _ly
sexiness	n	sex _y _ness
sexiness	v	sex _y _ness
sexing	v	sex _ing
sexists	n	sexist _s
sexless	a	sex _less
sexless	n	sex _less
sexpots	n	sexpot _s
sextants	n	sextant _s
sextets	n	sextet _s
sextons	n	sexton _s
sextuplets	n	sextuplet _s
sexuality	a	sex _al _ity
sexuality	n	sex _al _ity
sexually	a	sex _al _ly
sexually	n	sex _al _ly
sexually	r	sex _al _ly
sexy	a	sex _y
sexy	n	sex _y
sexy	o	sex _y
sexy	r	sex _y
sexy	v	sex _y
shabbily	r	shabby _ly
shabbiness	n	shabby _ness
shacked	v	shack _ed
shacking	v	shack _ing
shackled	v	shackle _ed
shackles	n	shackle _s
shackles	v	shackle _es
shacks	n	shack _s
shacks	v	shack _es
shaded	v	shade _ed
shades	n	shade _s
shades	v	shade _es
shadings	n	shading _s
shadowboxed	v	shadowbox _ed
shadowboxing	v	shadowbox _ing
shadowed	v	shadow _ed
shadowing	v	shadow _ing
shadows	n	shadow _s
shadows	v	shadow _es
shadowy	a	shadow _y
shadowy	n	shadow _y
shadowy	r	shadow _y
shadowy	v	shadow _y
shads	n	shad _s
shady	a	shade _y
shady	n	shade _y
shady	v	shade _y
shafted	v	shaft _ed
shafting	v	shaft _ing
shafts	n	shaft _s
shafts	v	shaft _es
shagged	v	shag _ed
shagging	v	shag _ing
shaggy	a	shag _y
shaggy	n	shag _y
shaggy	v	shag _y
shags	n	shag _s
shags	v	shag _es
shahs	n	shah _s
shakedowns	n	shakedown _s
shaken	v	shake _n
shakeouts	n	shakeout _s
shaker	n	shake _er
shakers	n	shake _er _s
shakes	n	shake _s
shakes	v	shake _es
shakeups	n	shakeup _s
shakily	r	shake _y _ly
shakiness	n	shake _y _ness
shaky	a	shake _y
shaky	n	shake _y
shaky	v	shake _y
shallots	n	shallot _s
shallower	a	shallow _er
shallowest	a	shallow _est
shallowly	r	shallow _ly
shallowness	n	shallow _ness
shallows	n	shallow _s
shallows	v	shallow _es
shamans	n	shaman _s
shambled	v	shamble _ed
shambles	n	shamble _s
shambles	v	shamble _es
shamed	v	sham _ed
shameful	a	shame _ful
shameful	n	shame _ful
shameful	v	shame _ful
shamefully	r	shame _ful _ly
shameless	a	shame _less
shameless	n	shame _less
shameless	r	shame _less
shameless	v	shame _less
shamelessly	r	shame _less _ly
shamelessness	n	shame _less _ness
shames	n	shame _s
shames	v	shame _es
shaming	v	shame _ing
shammed	v	sham _ed
shamming	v	sham _ing
shampooed	v	shampoo _ed
shampooing	v	shampoo _ing
shampoos	n	shampoo _s
shampoos	v	shampoo _es
shamrocks	n	shamrock _s
shams	n	sham _s
shams	v	sham _es
shanghaied	v	shanghai _ed
shanghaiing	v	shanghai _ing
shanghais	n	shanghai _s
shanks	n	shank _s
shanks	v	shank _es
shantytowns	n	shantytown _s
shaped	v	shape _ed
shapeless	a	shape _less
shapeless	n	shape _less
shapeless	r	shape _less
shapes	n	shape _s
shapes	v	shape _es
shards	n	shard _s
sharecroppers	n	sharecropper _s
shared	v	share _ed
shareholders	n	shareholder _s
shareholdings	n	shareholding _s
sharer	n	share _er
sharers	n	share _er _s
shares	n	share _s
shares	v	share _es
sharked	v	shark _ed
sharking	v	shark _ing
sharks	n	shark _s
sharks	v	shark _es
sharpened	v	sharpen _ed
sharpener	n	sharpen _er
sharpener	v	sharpen _er
sharpeners	n	sharpen _er _s
sharpening	v	sharpen _ing
sharpens	v	sharpen _es
sharper	a	sharp _er
sharpers	n	sharper _s
sharpest	a	sharp _est
sharply	r	sharp _ly
sharpness	a	sharp _ness
sharpness	n	sharp _ness
sharpness	o	sharp _ness
sharpness	v	sharp _ness
sharps	n	sharp _s
sharpshooters	n	sharpshooter _s
sharpshooting	v	sharpshoot _ing
shattered	v	shatter _ed
shattering	v	shatter _ing
shatters	v	shatter _es
shaved	v	shave _ed
shaven	v	shave _n
shaver	a	shave _er
shaver	n	shave _er
shavers	n	shave _er _s
shaves	n	shave _s
shaves	v	shave _es
shavings	n	shaving _s
shawls	n	shawl _s
shays	n	shay _s
sheared	v	shear _ed
shearers	n	shearer _s
shearing	v	shear _ing
shears	n	shear _s
shears	v	shear _es
sheathed	v	sheathe _ed
sheathes	v	sheathe _es
sheaths	n	sheath _s
shebeens	n	shebeen _s
shedding	v	shed _ing
sheds	n	shed _s
sheds	v	shed _es
sheepdogs	n	sheepdog _s
sheepfolds	n	sheepfold _s
sheepherders	n	sheepherder _s
sheepishly	a	sheep _ish _ly
sheepishly	n	sheep _ish _ly
sheepishly	r	sheep _ish _ly
sheepskins	n	sheepskin _s
sheered	v	sheer _ed
sheerest	a	sheer _est
sheering	v	sheer _ing
sheeting	v	sheet _ing
sheets	n	sheet _s
sheets	v	sheet _es
sheikdoms	n	sheikdom _s
sheiks	n	sheik _s
shekels	n	shekel _s
shellacked	v	shellac _ed
shellacking	v	shellac _ing
shelled	v	shell _ed
shelling	v	shell _ing
shells	n	shell _s
shells	v	shell _es
sheltered	v	shelter _ed
sheltering	v	shelter _ing
shelters	n	shelter _s
shelters	v	shelter _es
shelved	v	shelve _ed
shelves	v	shelve _es
shenanigans	n	shenanigan _s
shepherded	v	shepherd _ed
shepherdesses	n	shepherdess _s
shepherdesses	v	shepherd _es
shepherding	v	shepherd _ing
shepherds	n	shepherd _s
shepherds	v	shepherd _es
sherbets	n	sherbet _s
sheriffs	n	sheriff _s
shewing	v	shew _ing
shewn	v	shew _n
shews	v	shew _es
shibboleths	n	shibboleth _s
shielded	v	shield _ed
shielding	v	shield _ing
shields	n	shield _s
shields	v	shield _es
shifted	v	shift _ed
shifting	v	shift _ing
shiftless	a	shift _less
shiftless	n	shift _less
shifts	n	shift _s
shifts	v	shift _es
shifty	a	shift _y
shifty	n	shift _y
shifty	r	shift _y
shifty	v	shift _y
shiitakes	n	shiitake _s
shilled	v	shill _ed
shillelaghs	n	shillelagh _s
shilling	v	shill _ing
shillings	n	shilling _s
shillings	v	shill _es
shills	n	shill _s
shills	v	shill _es
shimmered	v	shimmer _ed
shimmering	v	shimmer _ing
shimmers	n	shimmer _s
shimmers	v	shimmer _es
shimmying	v	shimmy _ing
shims	n	shim _s
shinbones	n	shinbone _s
shindigs	n	shindig _s
shined	v	shine _ed
shiner	n	shine _er
shiners	n	shine _er _s
shines	n	shine _s
shines	v	shin _es
shingled	v	shingle _ed
shingles	n	shingle _s
shingles	v	shingle _es
shininess	n	shine _y _ness
shining	v	shine _ing
shinned	v	shin _ed
shinning	v	shin _ing
shinnying	v	shinny _ing
shins	n	shin _s
shins	v	shin _es
shiny	a	shine _y
shiny	n	shine _y
shiny	r	shine _y
shiny	v	shine _y
shipbuilders	n	shipbuilder _s
shiploads	n	shipload _s
shipmates	n	shipmate _s
shipment	a	ship _ment
shipment	n	ship _ment
shipments	n	ship _ment _s
shipowners	n	shipowner _s
shipped	v	ship _ed
shipper	n	ship _er
shippers	n	ship _er _s
shipping	v	ship _ing
ships	n	ship _s
ships	v	ship _es
shipwrecked	v	shipwreck _ed
shipwrecks	n	shipwreck _s
shipwrecks	v	shipwreck _es
shipwrights	n	shipwright _s
shipyards	n	shipyard _s
shires	n	shire _s
shirked	v	shirk _ed
shirkers	n	shirk _er _s
shirking	v	shirk _ing
shirks	v	shirk _es
shirred	v	shirr _ed
shirring	v	shirr _ing
shirted	v	shirt _ed
shirtfronts	n	shirtfront _s
shirting	v	shirt _ing
shirts	n	shirt _s
shirts	v	shirt _es
shirtsleeves	n	shirtsleeve _s
shirttails	n	shirttail _s
shirtwaists	n	shirtwaist _s
shirty	a	shirt _y
shirty	n	shirt _y
shitheads	n	shithead _s
shits	n	shit _s
shits	v	shit _es
shitting	v	shit _ing
shitty	a	shit _y
shitty	n	shit _y
shivered	v	shiver _ed
shivering	v	shiver _ing
shivers	n	shiver _s
shivers	v	shiver _es
shivery	n	shiver _y
shivery	r	shiver _y
shivery	v	shiver _y
shivs	n	shiv _s
shoaled	v	shoal _ed
shoaling	v	shoal _ing
shoals	n	shoal _s
shocked	v	shock _ed
shocker	n	shock _er
shocker	v	shock _er
shockers	n	shock _er _s
shocking	v	shock _ing
shockingly	r	shock _ing _ly
shocks	n	shock _s
shocks	v	shock _es
shoddily	r	shoddy _ly
shoddiness	n	shoddy _ness
shoehorned	v	shoehorn _ed
shoehorning	v	shoehorn _ing
shoehorns	n	shoehorn _s
shoehorns	v	shoehorn _es
shoeing	v	shoe _ing
shoelaces	n	shoelace _s
shoemakers	n	shoemaker _s
shoes	n	shoe _s
shoes	v	shoe _es
shoeshines	n	shoeshine _s
shoestrings	n	shoestring _s
shoguns	n	shogun _s
shooed	v	shoo _ed
shooing	v	shoo _ing
shoos	v	shoo _es
shooters	n	shooter _s
shooting	v	shoot _ing
shootings	n	shooting _s
shootings	v	shoot _es
shootouts	n	shootout _s
shoots	n	shoot _s
shoots	v	shoot _es
shopaholics	n	shopaholic _s
shopfronts	n	shopfront _s
shopkeepers	n	shopkeeper _s
shoplifted	v	shoplift _ed
shoplifter	n	shoplift _er
shoplifters	n	shoplift _er _s
shoplifting	v	shoplift _ing
shoplifts	v	shoplift _es
shopped	v	shop _ed
shopper	a	shop _er
shopper	n	shop _er
shoppers	n	shop _er _s
shopping	v	shop _ing
shops	n	shop _s
shops	v	shop _es
shorebirds	n	shorebird _s
shored	v	shore _ed
shorelines	n	shoreline _s
shores	n	shore _s
shores	v	shore _es
shortages	n	shortage _s
shortcakes	n	shortcake _s
shortcomings	n	shortcoming _s
shortcuts	n	shortcut _s
shorted	v	short _ed
shortened	v	shorten _ed
shortening	v	shorten _ing
shortenings	n	shortening _s
shortens	v	shorten _es
shorter	a	short _er
shortest	a	short _est
shortfalls	n	shortfall _s
shorthorns	n	shorthorn _s
shorting	v	short _ing
shortlisted	v	shortlist _ed
shortlisting	v	shortlist _ing
shortlists	n	shortlist _s
shortlists	v	shortlist _es
shortly	n	short _ly
shortly	r	short _ly
shortly	v	short _ly
shortness	n	short _ness
shorts	n	short _s
shorts	v	short _es
shortsightedness	n	shortsight _ed _ness
shortstops	n	shortstop _s
shotguns	n	shotgun _s
shots	n	shot _s
shouldered	v	shoulder _ed
shouldering	v	shoulder _ing
shoulders	n	shoulder _s
shoulders	v	shoulder _es
shouted	v	shout _ed
shouters	n	shouter _s
shouting	v	shout _ing
shouts	n	shout _s
shouts	v	shout _es
shoved	v	shove _ed
shovelfuls	n	shovelful _s
shovelled	v	shovel _ed
shovelling	v	shovel _ing
shovels	n	shovel _s
shovels	v	shovel _es
shoves	n	shove _s
shoves	v	shove _es
showboats	n	showboat _s
showcases	n	showcase _s
showdowns	n	showdown _s
showed	v	show _ed
showered	v	shower _ed
showering	v	shower _ing
showers	n	shower _s
showers	v	shower _es
showery	a	shower _y
showery	n	shower _y
showery	r	shower _y
showgirls	n	showgirl _s
showiness	n	show _y _ness
showing	v	show _ing
showings	n	showing _s
shown	v	show _n
showpieces	n	showpiece _s
showrooms	n	showroom _s
shows	n	show _s
shows	v	show _es
showstoppers	n	showstopper _s
showy	a	show _y
showy	n	show _y
showy	v	show _y
shredded	v	shred _ed
shredder	n	shred _er
shredders	n	shred _er _s
shredding	v	shred _ing
shreds	n	shred _s
shreds	v	shred _es
shrewder	a	shrewd _er
shrewdest	a	shrewd _est
shrewdly	a	shrewd _ly
shrewdly	r	shrewd _ly
shrewdness	n	shrew _d _ness
shrewdness	r	shrew _d _ness
shrews	n	shrew _s
shrieked	v	shriek _ed
shrieking	v	shriek _ing
shrieks	n	shriek _s
shrieks	v	shriek _es
shrikes	n	shrike _s
shrilled	v	shrill _ed
shriller	a	shrill _er
shrillest	a	shrill _est
shrilling	v	shrill _ing
shrillness	n	shrill _ness
shrilly	r	shrill _ly
shrimped	v	shrimp _ed
shrimpers	n	shrimper _s
shrimping	v	shrimp _ing
shrimps	n	shrimp _s
shrimps	v	shrimp _es
shrines	n	shrine _s
shrines	v	shrine _es
shrinking	v	shrink _ing
shrinks	n	shrink _s
shrinks	v	shrink _es
shrived	v	shrive _ed
shrivelled	v	shrivel _ed
shrivelling	v	shrivel _ing
shrivels	v	shrivel _es
shriven	v	shrive _n
shrouded	v	shroud _ed
shrouding	v	shroud _ing
shrouds	n	shroud _s
shrouds	v	shroud _es
shrubs	n	shrub _s
shrugged	v	shrug _ed
shrugging	v	shrug _ing
shrugs	n	shrug _s
shrugs	v	shrug _es
shticks	n	shtick _s
shucked	v	shuck _ed
shucking	v	shuck _ing
shucks	n	shuck _s
shucks	v	shuck _es
shuddered	v	shudder _ed
shuddering	v	shudder _ing
shudders	n	shudder _s
shudders	v	shudder _es
shuffled	v	shuffle _ed
shufflers	n	shuffle _er _s
shuffles	n	shuffle _s
shuffles	v	shuffle _es
shunned	v	shun _ed
shunning	v	shun _ing
shuns	v	shun _es
shunted	v	shunt _ed
shunting	v	shunt _ing
shunts	n	shunt _s
shunts	v	shunt _es
shushed	v	shush _ed
shushes	v	shush _es
shushing	v	shush _ing
shutdowns	n	shutdown _s
shutouts	n	shutout _s
shuts	v	shut _es
shutter	a	shut _er
shutter	n	shut _er
shutter	v	shut _er
shutterbugs	n	shutterbug _s
shuttered	v	shut _er _ed
shuttering	v	shut _er _ing
shutters	n	shut _er _s
shutters	v	shut _er _es
shutting	v	shut _ing
shuttlecocked	v	shuttlecock _ed
shuttlecocks	n	shuttlecock _s
shuttled	v	shuttle _ed
shuttles	n	shuttle _s
shuttles	v	shuttle _es
shyer	a	shy _er
shyest	a	shy _est
shying	v	shy _ing
shyly	a	shy _ly
shyly	n	shy _ly
shyly	r	shy _ly
shyly	v	shy _ly
shyness	a	shy _ness
shyness	n	shy _ness
shyness	r	shy _ness
shyness	v	shy _ness
shysters	n	shyster _s
sibilants	n	sibilant _s
siblings	n	sibling _s
sibyls	n	sibyl _s
sickbeds	n	sickbed _s
sicked	v	sic _ed
sickened	v	sicken _ed
sickening	v	sicken _ing
sickeningly	r	sick _en _ing _ly
sickens	v	sicken _es
sicker	a	sick _er
sickest	a	sick _est
sicking	v	sic _ing
sickles	n	sickle _s
sickly	a	sick _ly
sickly	n	sick _ly
sickly	r	sick _ly
sickly	v	sick _ly
sickness	a	sick _ness
sickness	n	sick _ness
sickness	r	sick _ness
sickness	v	sick _ness
sicknesses	n	sick _ness _s
sicks	n	sick _s
sicks	v	sick _es
sidebars	n	sidebar _s
sideboards	n	sideboard _s
sideburns	n	sideburn _s
sidecars	n	sidecar _s
sided	v	side _ed
sidekicks	n	sidekick _s
sidelights	n	sidelight _s
sidelined	v	sideline _ed
sidelines	n	sideline _s
sidelines	v	sideline _es
sides	n	side _s
sideshows	n	sideshow _s
sidestepped	v	sidestep _ed
sidestepping	v	sidestep _ing
sidesteps	n	sidestep _s
sidesteps	v	sidestep _es
sideswiped	v	sideswipe _ed
sideswipes	n	sideswipe _s
sideswipes	v	sideswipe _es
sidetracked	v	sidetrack _ed
sidetracking	v	sidetrack _ing
sidetracks	n	sidetrack _s
sidewalks	n	sidewalk _s
sidewalls	n	sidewall _s
sidewinders	n	sidewinder _s
sidings	n	siding _s
sidled	v	sidle _ed
sidles	v	sidle _es
sieges	n	siege _s
sierras	n	sierra _s
siestas	n	siesta _s
sieved	v	sieve _ed
sieves	n	sieve _s
sifted	v	sift _ed
sifter	n	sift _er
sifting	v	sift _ing
sifts	v	sift _es
sighed	v	sigh _ed
sighing	v	sigh _ing
sighs	n	sigh _s
sighs	v	sigh _es
sighted	v	sight _ed
sighting	v	sight _ing
sightings	n	sighting _s
sightings	v	sight _es
sightless	a	sight _less
sightless	n	sight _less
sights	n	sight _s
sights	v	sight _es
sightseeing	v	sightsee _ing
sightseer	n	sightsee _er
sightseers	n	sightsee _er _s
signal	a	sign _al
signal	n	sign _al
signal	o	sign _al
signal	r	sign _al
signal	v	sign _al
signalizes	v	signalize _es
signalled	v	sign _al _ed
signaller	n	sign _al _er
signallers	n	sign _al _er _s
signalling	v	sign _al _ing
signally	r	sign _al _ly
signals	n	sign _al _s
signals	v	sign _al _es
signatures	n	signature _s
signboards	n	signboard _s
signed	v	sign _ed
signer	n	sign _er
signers	n	sign _er _s
signets	n	signet _s
significantly	r	signify _ant _ly
significations	n	signification _s
signifying	v	signify _ing
signing	v	sign _ing
signings	n	signing _s
signings	v	sign _es
signposted	v	signpost _ed
signposting	v	signpost _ing
signposts	n	signpost _s
signposts	v	signpost _es
signs	n	sign _s
signs	v	sign _es
silenced	v	silence _ed
silencer	n	silence _er
silencers	n	silence _er _s
silences	n	silence _s
silences	v	silence _es
silently	n	silent _ly
silently	r	silent _ly
silhouetted	v	silhouette _ed
silhouettes	n	silhouette _s
silhouettes	v	silhouette _es
silicates	n	silicate _s
silks	n	silk _s
silkscreens	n	silkscreen _s
silkworms	n	silkworm _s
silky	a	silk _y
silky	n	silk _y
silky	o	silk _y
silky	v	silk _y
silliness	a	silly _ness
silliness	n	silly _ness
sills	n	sill _s
silos	n	silo _s
silted	v	silt _ed
silting	v	silt _ing
silts	n	silt _s
silvered	v	silver _ed
silvering	v	silver _ing
silvers	n	silver _s
silversmiths	n	silversmith _s
silvery	a	silver _y
silvery	n	silver _y
silvery	r	silver _y
silvery	v	silver _y
simians	n	simian _s
similarity	n	similar _ity
similarly	a	similar _ly
similarly	r	similar _ly
similarly	v	similar _ly
similes	n	simile _s
simmered	v	simmer _ed
simmering	v	simmer _ing
simmers	n	simmer _s
simmers	v	simmer _es
simpered	v	simper _ed
simpering	v	simper _ing
simpers	n	simper _s
simpers	v	simper _es
simpler	a	simple _r
simplest	a	simple _st
simpletons	n	simpleton _s
simplicity	a	simple _ity
simplicity	n	simple _ity
simplicity	v	simple _ity
simplifications	n	simplification _s
simplifying	v	simplify _ing
simply	r	simple _ly
simulacrums	n	simulacrum _s
simulated	v	simulate _ed
simulates	v	simulate _es
simulation	n	simulate _ion
simulations	n	simulate _ion _s
simulators	n	simulator _s
simulcasts	n	simulcast _s
simultaneity	n	simultaneous _ity
simultaneously	r	simultaneous _ly
simultaneously	v	simultaneous _ly
sincerely	r	sincere _ly
sincerely	v	sincere _ly
sincerer	a	sincere _r
sincerest	a	sincere _st
sincerity	n	sincere _ity
sincerity	v	sincere _ity
sinecures	n	sinecure _s
sines	n	sine _s
sinews	n	sinew _s
sinewy	a	sinew _y
sinewy	n	sinew _y
sinewy	v	sinew _y
sinful	a	sin _ful
sinful	n	sin _ful
sinfully	r	sin _ful _ly
sinfulness	n	sin _ful _ness
sinfulness	v	sin _ful _ness
singalongs	n	singalong _s
singed	v	sing _ed
singeing	v	singe _ing
singer	a	sing _er
singer	n	sing _er
singer	r	sing _er
singer	v	sing _er
singers	n	sing _er _s
singes	n	singe _s
singes	v	sing _es
singing	v	sing _ing
singled	v	single _ed
singleness	n	single _ness
singleness	v	single _ness
singles	n	single _s
singles	v	single _es
singletons	n	singleton _s
singlets	n	singlet _s
singly	r	single _ly
sings	v	sing _es
singsongs	n	singsong _s
singsongs	v	singsong _es
singularity	n	single _ar _ity
singularly	a	singular _ly
singularly	n	singular _ly
singularly	r	singular _ly
singulars	n	singular _s
sinker	n	sink _er
sinkers	n	sink _er _s
sinkholes	n	sinkhole _s
sinking	v	sink _ing
sinks	n	sink _s
sinks	v	sink _es
sinless	a	sin _less
sinless	n	sin _less
sinned	v	sin _ed
sinner	n	sin _er
sinners	n	sin _er _s
sinning	v	sin _ing
sins	n	sin _s
sins	v	sin _es
sinuous	a	sinus _ous
sinuses	n	sinus _s
siphoned	v	siphon _ed
siphoning	v	siphon _ing
siphons	n	siphon _s
siphons	v	siphon _es
sipped	v	sip _ed
sippers	n	sipper _s
sipping	v	sip _ing
sips	n	sip _s
sips	v	sip _es
sired	v	sire _ed
sirens	n	siren _s
sires	n	sire _s
sires	v	sire _es
sirloins	n	sirloin _s
sirs	n	sir _s
sis	n	si _s
sissy	a	sister _y
sissy	n	sister _y
sisterhoods	n	sisterhood _s
sisters	n	sister _s
sitars	n	sitar _s
sitcoms	n	sitcom _s
sited	v	sit _ed
sites	n	site _s
sites	v	sit _es
siting	v	sit _ing
sits	v	sit _es
sitter	n	sit _er
sitter	r	sit _er
sitters	n	sit _er _s
sitting	v	sit _ing
sittings	n	sitting _s
situated	v	situate _ed
situates	v	situate _es
situation	n	situate _ion
situations	n	situate _ion _s
sixes	n	six _s
sixpences	n	sixpence _s
sixteens	n	sixteen _s
sixteenths	n	sixteenth _s
sixths	n	sixth _s
sizable	a	size _able
sized	v	size _ed
sizes	n	size _s
sizes	v	size _es
sizzled	v	sizzle _ed
sizzler	n	sizzle _er
sizzles	n	sizzle _s
sizzles	v	sizzle _es
skateboarded	v	skateboard _ed
skateboarders	n	skateboarder _s
skateboarding	v	skateboard _ing
skateboards	n	skateboard _s
skateboards	v	skateboard _es
skated	v	skate _ed
skater	n	skate _er
skaters	n	skate _er _s
skates	n	skate _s
skates	v	skate _es
skedaddled	v	skedaddle _ed
skedaddles	n	skedaddle _s
skeins	n	skein _s
skeletons	n	skeleton _s
skeptics	n	skeptic _s
sketchbooks	n	sketchbook _s
sketched	v	sketch _ed
sketcher	n	sketch _er
sketchers	n	sketch _er _s
sketches	n	sketch _s
sketches	v	sketch _es
sketchily	a	sketch _y _ly
sketchily	r	sketch _y _ly
sketching	v	sketch _ing
sketchy	a	sketch _y
sketchy	n	sketch _y
sketchy	v	sketch _y
skewed	v	skew _ed
skewered	v	skewer _ed
skewering	v	skewer _ing
skewers	n	skewer _s
skewers	v	skewer _es
skewing	v	skew _ing
skews	v	skew _es
skidded	v	skid _ed
skidding	v	skid _ing
skids	n	skid _s
skids	v	skid _es
skied	v	ski _ed
skier	a	ski _er
skier	n	ski _er
skier	r	ski _er
skier	v	ski _er
skiers	n	ski _er _s
skiffs	n	skiff _s
skiing	v	ski _ing
skilful	a	skill _ful
skilful	n	skill _ful
skilfully	r	skill _ful _ly
skillets	n	skillet _s
skills	n	skill _s
skimmed	v	skim _ed
skimmer	a	skim _er
skimmer	n	skim _er
skimmers	n	skim _er _s
skimming	v	skim _ing
skimped	v	skimp _ed
skimping	v	skimp _ing
skimps	v	skimp _es
skims	n	skim _s
skims	v	skim _es
skinflints	n	skinflint _s
skinheads	n	skinhead _s
skinless	n	skin _less
skinned	v	skin _ed
skinning	v	skin _ing
skinny	a	skin _y
skinny	n	skin _y
skinny	v	skin _y
skins	n	skin _s
skins	v	skin _es
skipped	v	skip _ed
skippered	v	skipper _ed
skippering	v	skipper _ing
skippers	n	skipper _s
skippers	v	skipper _es
skipping	v	skip _ing
skips	n	skip _s
skips	v	skip _es
skirmished	v	skirmish _ed
skirmishers	n	skirmish _er _s
skirmishes	n	skirmish _s
skirmishes	v	skirmish _es
skirmishing	v	skirmish _ing
skirted	v	skirt _ed
skirting	v	skirt _ing
skirts	n	skirt _s
skirts	v	skirt _es
skis	n	ski _s
skis	v	ski _es
skits	n	skit _s
skittered	v	skitter _ed
skittering	v	skitter _ing
skitters	v	skitter _es
skittles	n	skittle _s
skittles	v	skittle _es
skived	v	skive _ed
skuas	n	skua _s
skulked	v	skulk _ed
skulker	n	skulk _er
skulking	v	skulk _ing
skulks	v	skulk _es
skullcaps	n	skullcap _s
skulls	n	skull _s
skunked	v	skunk _ed
skunks	n	skunk _s
skydived	v	skydive _ed
skydivers	n	skydiver _s
skydives	v	skydive _es
skying	v	sky _ing
skyjacked	v	skyjack _ed
skyjacking	v	skyjack _ing
skylarking	v	skylark _ing
skylarks	n	skylark _s
skylarks	v	skylark _es
skylights	n	skylight _s
skylines	n	skyline _s
skyrocketed	v	skyrocket _ed
skyrocketing	v	skyrocket _ing
skyrockets	n	skyrocket _s
skyrockets	v	skyrocket _es
skyscrapers	n	skyscraper _s
slabs	n	slab _s
slacked	v	slack _ed
slackened	v	slacken _ed
slackening	v	slacken _ing
slackens	v	slacken _es
slacker	a	slack _er
slacker	n	slack _er
slackers	n	slack _er _s
slackest	a	slack _est
slacking	v	slack _ing
slackly	a	slack _ly
slackly	n	slack _ly
slackness	n	slack _ness
slackness	v	slack _ness
slacks	n	slack _s
slacks	v	slack _es
slagged	v	slag _ed
slagging	v	slag _ing
slags	n	slag _s
slags	v	slag _es
slaked	v	slake _ed
slakes	v	slake _es
slalomed	v	slalom _ed
slaloming	v	slalom _ing
slaloms	n	slalom _s
slaloms	v	slalom _es
slammed	v	slam _ed
slammers	n	slammer _s
slamming	v	slam _ing
slams	n	slam _s
slams	v	slam _es
slandered	v	slander _ed
slanderer	n	slander _er
slanderers	n	slander _er _s
slandering	v	slander _ing
slanderous	a	slander _ous
slanders	n	slander _s
slanders	v	slander _es
slangy	a	slang _y
slangy	n	slang _y
slanted	v	slant _ed
slanting	v	slant _ing
slants	n	slant _s
slants	v	slant _es
slapped	v	slap _ed
slappers	n	slapper _s
slapping	v	slap _ing
slaps	n	slap _s
slaps	v	slap _es
slashed	v	slash _ed
slashers	n	slasher _s
slashes	n	slash _s
slashes	v	slash _es
slashing	v	slash _ing
slated	v	slate _ed
slates	n	slate _s
slates	v	slat _es
slathered	v	slather _ed
slathering	v	slather _ing
slathers	v	slather _es
slating	v	slat _ing
slats	n	slat _s
slats	v	slat _es
slaughtered	v	slaughter _ed
slaughterer	a	slaughter _er
slaughterer	n	slaughter _er
slaughterers	n	slaughter _er _s
slaughterhouses	n	slaughterhouse _s
slaughtering	v	slaughter _ing
slaughters	n	slaughter _s
slaughters	v	slaughter _es
slaved	v	slave _ed
slaveholders	n	slaveholder _s
slaver	n	slave _er
slaver	v	slave _er
slavered	v	slave _er _ed
slavering	v	slave _er _ing
slavers	n	slave _er _s
slaves	n	slave _s
slaves	v	slave _es
slavishly	a	slave _ish _ly
slavishly	n	slave _ish _ly
slavishly	r	slave _ish _ly
slavishly	v	slave _ish _ly
slayed	v	slay _ed
slayer	a	slay _er
slayer	n	slay _er
slayers	n	slay _er _s
slaying	v	slay _ing
slayings	n	slaying _s
slays	v	slay _es
sledders	n	sledder _s
sledding	v	sled _ing
sledged	v	sledge _ed
sledgehammered	v	sledgehammer _ed
sledgehammering	v	sledgehammer _ing
sledgehammers	n	sledgehammer _s
sledges	n	sledge _s
sledges	v	sledge _es
sleds	n	sled _s
sleds	v	sled _es
sleeked	v	sleek _ed
sleeker	a	sleek _er
sleekest	a	sleek _est
sleeking	v	sleek _ing
sleekly	a	sleek _ly
sleekly	n	sleek _ly
sleekly	r	sleek _ly
sleekness	n	sleek _ness
sleeper	a	sleep _er
sleeper	n	sleep _er
sleepers	n	sleep _er _s
sleepily	a	sleep _y _ly
sleepily	n	sleep _y _ly
sleepily	r	sleep _y _ly
sleepiness	a	sleep _y _ness
sleepiness	n	sleep _y _ness
sleeping	v	sleep _ing
sleepless	a	sleep _less
sleepless	n	sleep _less
sleepless	v	sleep _less
sleeplessness	n	sleep _less _ness
sleepovers	n	sleepover _s
sleeps	n	sleep _s
sleeps	v	sleep _es
sleepwalked	v	sleepwalk _ed
sleepwalker	n	sleepwalk _er
sleepwalkers	n	sleepwalk _er _s
sleepwalking	v	sleepwalk _ing
sleepwalks	v	sleepwalk _es
sleepy	a	sleep _y
sleepy	n	sleep _y
sleepy	o	sleep _y
sleepy	r	sleep _y
sleepy	v	sleep _y
sleepyheads	n	sleepyhead _s
sleeted	v	sleet _ed
sleeting	v	sleet _ing
sleets	n	sleet _s
sleeveless	a	sleeve _less
sleeveless	n	sleeve _less
sleeves	n	sleeve _s
sleighed	v	sleigh _ed
sleighing	v	sleigh _ing
sleighs	n	sleigh _s
sleighs	v	sleigh _es
sleights	n	sleight _s
slenderer	a	slender _er
slenderest	a	slender _est
slenderness	n	slender _ness
sleuthing	v	sleuth _ing
sleuths	n	sleuth _s
sleuths	v	sleuth _es
slewed	v	slew _ed
slewing	v	slew _ing
slews	n	slew _s
slews	v	slew _es
sliced	v	slice _ed
slicers	n	slicer _s
slices	n	slice _s
slices	v	slice _es
slicked	v	slick _ed
slicker	a	slick _er
slicker	n	slick _er
slicker	v	slick _er
slickers	n	slick _er _s
slickest	a	slick _est
slicking	v	slick _ing
slickly	a	slick _ly
slickly	n	slick _ly
slickly	r	slick _ly
slickness	n	slick _ness
slicks	n	slick _s
slicks	v	slick _es
sliders	n	slider _s
slides	n	slide _s
slides	v	slide _es
slighted	v	slight _ed
slighter	a	slight _er
slightest	a	slight _est
slighting	v	slight _ing
slightly	r	slight _ly
slights	n	slight _s
slights	v	slight _es
slimmer	a	slim _er
slimmest	a	slim _est
slimness	a	slim _ness
slimness	n	slim _ness
slimness	v	slim _ness
slims	v	slim _es
slimy	a	slime _y
slimy	n	slime _y
slingbacks	n	slingback _s
slinging	v	sling _ing
slings	n	sling _s
slings	v	sling _es
slingshots	n	slingshot _s
slinking	v	slink _ing
slinks	v	slink _es
slinky	a	slink _y
slinky	n	slink _y
slinky	r	slink _y
slipcovers	n	slipcover _s
slipknots	n	slipknot _s
slippages	n	slippage _s
slipped	v	slip _ed
slipper	a	slip _er
slipper	n	slip _er
slipper	v	slip _er
slipperiness	n	slippery _ness
slippers	n	slipper _s
slipping	v	slip _ing
slippy	a	slip _y
slips	n	slip _s
slips	v	slip _es
slipstreams	n	slipstream _s
slipways	n	slipway _s
slithered	v	slither _ed
slithering	v	slither _ing
slithers	v	slither _es
slithery	a	slither _y
slithery	n	slither _y
slits	n	slit _s
slits	v	slit _es
slitting	v	slit _ing
slivered	v	sliver _ed
slivering	v	sliver _ing
slivers	n	sliver _s
slobbered	v	slobber _ed
slobbering	v	slobber _ing
slobbers	n	slobber _s
slobbers	v	slobber _es
slobs	n	slob _s
sloes	n	sloe _s
sloganeering	v	sloganeer _ing
slogans	n	slogan _s
slogged	v	slog _ed
slogging	v	slog _ing
slogs	v	slog _es
sloops	n	sloop _s
sloped	v	slop _ed
slopes	n	slope _s
slopes	v	slop _es
sloping	v	slop _ing
slopped	v	slop _ed
sloppily	r	slop _y _ly
sloppiness	n	slop _y _ness
sloppiness	v	slop _y _ness
slopping	v	slop _ing
sloppy	a	slop _y
slops	n	slop _s
slops	v	slop _es
sloshed	v	slosh _ed
sloshes	v	slosh _es
sloshing	v	slosh _ing
slothful	a	sloth _ful
slothful	n	sloth _ful
slothfulness	n	sloth _ful _ness
sloths	n	sloth _s
slots	n	slot _s
slots	v	slot _es
slotted	v	slot _ed
slotting	v	slot _ing
slouched	v	slouch _ed
slouches	n	slouch _s
slouches	v	slouch _es
slouching	v	slouch _ing
sloughed	v	slough _ed
sloughing	v	slough _ing
sloughs	n	slough _s
sloughs	v	slough _es
slovenliness	n	slovenly _ness
slovens	n	sloven _s
slowcoaches	n	slowcoach _s
slowdowns	n	slowdown _s
slowed	v	slow _ed
slower	a	slow _er
slowest	a	slow _est
slowing	v	slow _ing
slowly	a	slow _ly
slowly	n	slow _ly
slowly	r	slow _ly
slowly	v	slow _ly
slowness	a	slow _ness
slowness	n	slow _ness
slowpokes	n	slowpoke _s
slows	v	slow _es
sluggards	n	sluggard _s
slugged	v	slug _ed
sluggers	n	slugger _s
slugging	v	slug _ing
sluggishly	a	slug _ish _ly
sluggishly	r	slug _ish _ly
sluggishly	v	slug _ish _ly
sluggishness	n	slug _ish _ness
slugs	n	slug _s
slugs	v	slug _es
sluiced	v	sluice _ed
sluices	n	sluice _s
sluices	v	sluice _es
slumbered	v	slumber _ed
slumbering	v	slumber _ing
slumbers	n	slumber _s
slummed	v	slum _ed
slumming	v	slum _ing
slumped	v	slump _ed
slumping	v	slump _ing
slumps	n	slump _s
slumps	v	slump _es
slums	n	slum _s
slums	v	slum _es
slurped	v	slurp _ed
slurping	v	slurp _ing
slurps	v	slurp _es
slurred	v	slur _ed
slurring	v	slur _ing
slurs	n	slur _s
slurs	v	slur _es
slushy	a	slush _y
slushy	n	slush _y
sluts	n	slut _s
slyest	a	sly _est
slyly	a	sly _ly
slyly	n	sly _ly
slyly	v	sly _ly
slyness	v	sly _ness
smacked	v	smack _ed
smacker	n	smack _er
smackers	n	smack _er _s
smacking	v	smack _ing
smacks	n	smack _s
smacks	v	smack _es
smaller	a	small _er
smallest	a	small _est
smallholders	n	smallholder _s
smallholdings	n	smallholding _s
smallness	a	small _ness
smallness	n	small _ness
smalls	n	small _s
smarted	v	smart _ed
smarter	a	smart _er
smartest	a	smart _est
smarting	v	smart _ing
smartly	r	smart _ly
smartness	n	smart _ness
smarts	n	smart _s
smarts	v	smart _es
smashed	v	smash _ed
smasher	n	smash _er
smasher	r	smash _er
smashers	n	smash _er _s
smashes	n	smash _s
smashes	v	smash _es
smashing	v	smash _ing
smattering	v	smatter _ing
smatterings	n	smattering _s
smeared	v	smear _ed
smearing	v	smear _ing
smears	n	smear _s
smears	v	smear _es
smelled	v	smell _ed
smelling	v	smell _ing
smells	n	smell _s
smells	v	smell _es
smelly	a	smell _y
smelly	n	smell _y
smelly	r	smell _y
smelted	v	smelt _ed
smelters	n	smelter _s
smelting	v	smelt _ing
smelts	n	smelt _s
smidgens	n	smidgen _s
smiled	v	smile _ed
smiles	n	smile _s
smiles	v	smile _es
smileys	n	smiley _s
smirched	v	smirch _ed
smirches	n	smirch _s
smirked	v	smirk _ed
smirking	v	smirk _ing
smirks	n	smirk _s
smirks	v	smirk _es
smites	v	smite _es
smiths	n	smith _s
smocked	v	smock _ed
smocking	v	smock _ing
smocks	n	smock _s
smogs	n	smog _s
smoked	v	smoke _ed
smokehouses	n	smokehouse _s
smokeless	a	smoke _less
smokeless	n	smoke _less
smoker	a	smoke _er
smoker	n	smoke _er
smoker	v	smoke _er
smokers	n	smoke _er _s
smokes	n	smoke _s
smokes	v	smoke _es
smokescreens	n	smokescreen _s
smokestacks	n	smokestack _s
smoky	a	smoke _y
smoky	n	smoke _y
smoky	v	smoke _y
smooched	v	smooch _ed
smooches	n	smooch _s
smooches	v	smooch _es
smooching	v	smooch _ing
smoochy	a	smooch _y
smoochy	n	smooch _y
smoochy	v	smooch _y
smoothed	v	smooth _ed
smoother	a	smooth _er
smoothest	a	smooth _est
smoothing	v	smooth _ing
smoothly	a	smooth _ly
smoothly	n	smooth _ly
smoothly	r	smooth _ly
smoothly	v	smooth _ly
smoothness	a	smooth _ness
smoothness	n	smooth _ness
smooths	n	smooth _s
smooths	v	smooth _es
smorgasbords	n	smorgasbord _s
smothered	v	smother _ed
smothering	v	smother _ing
smothers	n	smother _s
smothers	v	smother _es
smouldered	v	smoulder _ed
smouldering	v	smoulder _ing
smoulders	n	smoulder _s
smoulders	v	smoulder _es
smudged	v	smudge _ed
smudges	n	smudge _s
smudges	v	smudge _es
smudgy	a	smudge _y
smugger	a	smug _er
smuggest	a	smug _est
smuggled	v	smuggle _ed
smuggler	a	smuggle _er
smuggler	n	smuggle _er
smugglers	n	smuggle _er _s
smuggles	v	smuggle _es
smugly	r	smug _ly
smugly	v	smug _ly
smugness	n	smug _ness
smugness	v	smug _ness
smuts	n	smut _s
smutty	a	smut _y
smutty	n	smut _y
smutty	r	smut _y
smutty	v	smut _y
snacked	v	snack _ed
snacking	v	snack _ing
snacks	n	snack _s
snacks	v	snack _es
snaffled	v	snaffle _ed
snaffles	v	snaffle _es
snafus	n	snafu _s
snafus	v	snafu _es
snagged	v	snag _ed
snagging	v	snag _ing
snags	n	snag _s
snags	v	snag _es
snails	n	snail _s
snails	v	snail _es
snakebites	n	snakebite _s
snaked	v	snake _ed
snakes	n	snake _s
snakes	v	snake _es
snaky	a	snake _y
snapdragons	n	snapdragon _s
snapped	v	snap _ed
snapper	a	snap _er
snapper	n	snap _er
snapper	o	snap _er
snappers	n	snap _er _s
snappily	r	snap _y _ly
snapping	v	snap _ing
snappy	a	snap _y
snappy	v	snap _y
snaps	n	snap _s
snaps	v	snap _es
snapshots	n	snapshot _s
snared	v	snare _ed
snares	n	snare _s
snares	v	snare _es
snarfed	v	snarf _ed
snarfing	v	snarf _ing
snarled	v	snarl _ed
snarling	v	snarl _ing
snarls	n	snarl _s
snarls	v	snarl _es
snatched	v	snatch _ed
snatcher	n	snatch _er
snatcher	r	snatch _er
snatchers	n	snatch _er _s
snatches	n	snatch _s
snatches	v	snatch _es
snatching	v	snatch _ing
sneaked	v	sneak _ed
sneaker	n	sneak _er
sneakers	n	sneak _er _s
sneaking	v	sneak _ing
sneaks	n	sneak _s
sneaks	v	sneak _es
sneaky	a	sneak _y
sneaky	n	sneak _y
sneered	v	sneer _ed
sneering	v	sneer _ing
sneeringly	r	sneer _ing _ly
sneers	n	sneer _s
sneers	v	sneer _es
sneezed	v	sneeze _ed
sneezes	n	sneeze _s
sneezes	v	sneeze _es
snicked	v	snick _ed
snicker	n	snick _er
snicker	v	snick _er
snickered	v	snick _er _ed
snickering	v	snick _er _ing
snickers	n	snick _er _s
snicking	v	snick _ing
snicks	n	snick _s
snicks	v	snick _es
snidest	a	snide _st
sniffed	v	sniff _ed
sniffer	a	sniff _er
sniffer	n	sniff _er
sniffer	v	sniff _er
sniffers	n	sniff _er _s
sniffing	v	sniff _ing
sniffled	v	sniffle _ed
sniffles	n	sniffle _s
sniffs	n	sniff _s
sniffs	v	sniff _es
snifters	n	snifter _s
sniped	v	snip _ed
sniper	a	snipe _er
sniper	n	snipe _er
snipers	n	snipe _er _s
snipes	n	snipe _s
snipes	v	snip _es
sniping	v	snip _ing
snipped	v	snip _ed
snippets	n	snippet _s
snipping	v	snip _ing
snips	n	snip _s
snips	v	snip _es
snitched	v	snitch _ed
snitches	n	snitch _s
snitches	v	snitch _es
snitching	v	snitch _ing
snits	n	snit _s
snivelled	v	snivel _ed
snivelling	v	snivel _ing
snobbishness	n	snob _ish _ness
snobbishness	v	snob _ish _ness
snobby	a	snob _y
snobby	n	snob _y
snobby	v	snob _y
snobs	n	snob _s
snogged	v	snog _ed
snogging	v	snog _ing
snogs	v	snog _es
snoods	n	snood _s
snookered	v	snooker _ed
snookering	v	snooker _ing
snookers	n	snooker _s
snooped	v	snoop _ed
snooper	n	snoop _er
snoopers	n	snoop _er _s
snooping	v	snoop _ing
snoops	n	snoop _s
snoops	v	snoop _es
snoots	n	snoot _s
snoozed	v	snooze _ed
snoozes	n	snooze _s
snoozes	v	snooze _es
snored	v	snore _ed
snorer	n	snore _er
snorers	n	snore _er _s
snores	n	snore _s
snores	v	snore _es
snorkels	n	snorkel _s
snorkels	v	snorkel _es
snorted	v	snort _ed
snorter	n	snort _er
snorters	n	snort _er _s
snorting	v	snort _ing
snorts	n	snort _s
snorts	v	snort _es
snots	n	snot _s
snotty	a	snot _y
snotty	n	snot _y
snotty	r	snot _y
snotty	v	snot _y
snouts	n	snout _s
snowballed	v	snowball _ed
snowballing	v	snowball _ing
snowballs	n	snowball _s
snowballs	v	snowball _es
snowbanks	n	snowbank _s
snowbirds	n	snowbird _s
snowboarded	v	snowboard _ed
snowboarders	n	snowboarder _s
snowboarding	v	snowboard _ing
snowboards	n	snowboard _s
snowdrifts	n	snowdrift _s
snowdrops	n	snowdrop _s
snowed	v	snow _ed
snowfalls	n	snowfall _s
snowfields	n	snowfield _s
snowflakes	n	snowflake _s
snowing	v	snow _ing
snowmobiles	n	snowmobile _s
snowplows	n	snowplow _s
snows	n	snow _s
snows	v	snow _es
snowshoeing	v	snowshoe _ing
snowshoes	n	snowshoe _s
snowstorms	n	snowstorm _s
snowsuits	n	snowsuit _s
snowy	a	snow _y
snowy	n	snow _y
snowy	v	snow _y
snubbed	v	snub _ed
snubbing	v	snub _ing
snubs	n	snub _s
snubs	v	snub _es
snuffboxes	n	snuffbox _s
snuffed	v	snuff _ed
snuffer	n	snuff _er
snuffers	n	snuff _er _s
snuffing	v	snuff _ing
snuffled	v	snuffle _ed
snuffles	n	snuffle _s
snuffles	v	snuffle _es
snuffs	n	snuff _s
snuffs	v	snuff _es
snugger	a	snug _er
snuggest	a	snug _est
snuggled	v	snuggle _ed
snuggles	n	snuggle _s
snuggles	v	snuggle _es
snugly	r	snug _ly
snugs	n	snug _s
soaked	v	soak _ed
soaking	v	soak _ing
soaks	n	soak _s
soaks	v	soak _es
soapboxes	n	soapbox _s
soaped	v	soap _ed
soaping	v	soap _ing
soaps	n	soap _s
soaps	v	soap _es
soapy	a	soap _y
soapy	n	soap _y
soared	v	soar _ed
soaring	v	soar _ing
soars	n	soar _s
soars	v	soar _es
sobbed	v	sob _ed
sobbing	v	sob _ing
sobered	v	sober _ed
soberest	a	sober _est
sobering	v	sober _ing
soberly	a	sober _ly
soberly	r	sober _ly
sobers	v	sober _es
sobriquets	n	sobriquet _s
sobs	n	sob _s
sobs	v	sob _es
sociability	n	society _able _ity
sociables	n	sociable _s
sociably	r	society _able _ly
socialist	a	social _ism _ist
socialist	n	social _ism _ist
socialist	v	social _ism _ist
socialists	n	social _ism _ist _s
socialites	n	socialite _s
socialize	v	social _ize
socialized	v	social _ize _ed
socializes	v	social _ize _es
socially	a	sociecty _al _ly
socially	n	sociecty _al _ly
socially	r	sociecty _al _ly
socials	n	social _s
sociologically	r	sociology _ic _al _ly
sociologists	n	sociologist _s
sociopaths	n	sociopath _s
socked	v	sock _ed
sockets	n	socket _s
sockeyes	n	sockeye _s
socking	v	sock _ing
socks	n	sock _s
socks	v	sock _es
sodas	n	soda _s
sodded	v	sod _ed
sodding	v	sod _ing
sodomites	n	sodomite _s
sodomized	v	sodomize _ed
sodomizes	v	sodomize _es
sods	n	sod _s
sods	v	sod _es
sofas	n	sofa _s
softballs	n	softball _s
softened	v	soften _ed
softener	n	soften _er
softeners	n	soften _er _s
softening	v	soften _ing
softens	v	soften _es
softer	a	soft _er
softest	a	soft _est
softly	a	soft _ly
softly	n	soft _ly
softly	r	soft _ly
softness	n	soft _ness
softness	v	soft _ness
softwoods	n	softwood _s
soiled	v	soil _ed
soiling	v	soil _ing
soils	n	soil _s
soils	v	soil _es
soirees	n	soiree _s
sojourned	v	sojourn _ed
sojourner	n	sojourn _er
sojourners	n	sojourn _er _s
sojourning	v	sojourn _ing
sojourns	n	sojourn _s
sojourns	v	sojourn _es
solaced	v	solace _ed
solaces	n	solace _s
soldered	v	solder _ed
soldering	v	solder _ing
solders	n	solder _s
soldiered	v	soldier _ed
soldiering	v	soldier _ing
soldiers	n	soldier _s
soldiers	v	soldier _es
solecisms	n	solecism _s
soled	v	sole _ed
solemnity	n	solemn _ity
solemnized	v	solemn _ize _ed
solemnly	a	solemn _ly
solemnly	n	solemn _ly
solemnly	r	solemn _ly
solemnly	v	solemn _ly
solenoids	n	solenoid _s
soles	n	sole _s
soles	v	sole _es
solicitations	n	solicitation _s
solicited	v	solicit _ed
soliciting	v	solicit _ing
solicitors	n	solicitor _s
solicitously	r	solicit _ous _ly
solicits	v	solicit _es
solider	a	solid _er
solidest	a	solid _est
solidifying	v	solidify _ing
solidity	n	solid _ity
solidly	a	solid _ly
solidly	r	solid _ly
solids	n	solid _s
soliloquized	v	soliloquize _ed
soliloquizes	v	soliloquize _es
solipsistic	a	solipsism _ist _ic
solitaires	n	solitaire _s
soloed	v	solo _ed
soloing	v	solo _ing
soloist	a	solo _ist
soloist	n	solo _ist
soloist	v	solo _ist
soloists	n	solo _ist _s
solos	n	solo _s
solos	v	solo _es
sols	n	sol _s
solstices	n	solstice _s
solubility	n	soluble _ity
solutes	n	solute _s
solutions	n	solution _s
solvable	a	solve _able
solved	v	solve _ed
solvents	n	solvent _s
solver	n	solve _er
solvers	n	solve _er _s
solves	v	solve _es
sombrely	r	sombre _ly
sombreros	n	sombrero _s
someones	n	someone _s
somersaulted	v	somersault _ed
somersaulting	v	somersault _ing
somersaults	n	somersault _s
somersaults	v	somersault _es
somnambulists	n	somnambulist _s
sonars	n	sonar _s
sonatas	n	sonata _s
sonatinas	n	sonatina _s
songbirds	n	songbird _s
songbooks	n	songbook _s
songs	n	song _s
songsters	n	songster _s
songstresses	n	songstress _s
songwriters	n	songwriter _s
sonnets	n	sonnet _s
sonnets	v	sonnet _es
sonograms	n	sonogram _s
sonority	n	sonor _ous _ity
sonorously	r	sonor _ous _ly
sons	n	son _s
soothed	v	soothe _ed
soothes	v	soothe _es
soothingly	r	soothe _ing _ly
soothsayers	n	soothsayer _s
sooty	a	soot _y
sooty	n	soot _y
sooty	o	soot _y
sooty	v	soot _y
sophisticated	v	sophisticate _ed
sophisticates	n	sophisticate _s
sophisticates	v	sophisticate _es
sophists	n	sophist _s
sophomores	n	sophomore _s
soporifics	n	soporific _s
sopped	v	sop _ed
sopping	v	sop _ing
soppy	a	sop _y
soppy	n	sop _y
sopranos	n	soprano _s
sops	n	sop _s
sops	v	sop _es
sorbets	n	sorbet _s
sorcerers	n	sorcerer _s
sorceresses	n	sorceress _s
soreheads	n	sorehead _s
sorely	r	sore _ly
soreness	a	sore _ness
soreness	n	sore _ness
soreness	r	sore _ness
sorer	a	sore _r
sores	n	sore _s
sorest	a	sore _st
sorrowed	v	sorrow _ed
sorrowful	a	sorrow _ful
sorrowful	n	sorrow _ful
sorrowfully	r	sorrow _ful _ly
sorrowing	v	sorrow _ing
sorrows	n	sorrow _s
sorrows	v	sorrow _es
sorted	v	sort _ed
sorter	n	sort _er
sorters	n	sort _er _s
sorties	n	sortie _s
sorting	v	sort _ing
sorts	n	sort _s
sorts	v	sort _es
sots	n	sot _s
souffles	n	souffle _s
soughed	v	sough _ed
soughing	v	sough _ing
souks	n	souk _s
soulful	a	soul _ful
soulful	n	soul _ful
soulfully	r	soul _ful _ly
soulfulness	n	soul _ful _ness
soulless	a	soul _less
soulless	n	soul _less
soulless	v	soul _less
souls	n	soul _s
soundboards	n	soundboard _s
sounded	v	sound _ed
sounder	a	sound _er
sounders	n	sounder _s
soundest	a	sound _est
sounding	v	sound _ing
soundings	n	sounding _s
soundless	a	sound _less
soundless	n	sound _less
soundlessly	r	sound _less _ly
soundly	a	sound _ly
soundly	r	sound _ly
soundness	a	sound _ness
soundness	n	sound _ness
soundness	v	sound _ness
soundproofed	v	soundproof _ed
soundproofing	v	soundproof _ing
sounds	n	sound _s
sounds	v	sound _es
soundtracks	n	soundtrack _s
souped	v	soup _ed
souping	v	soup _ing
soups	n	soup _s
soups	v	soup _es
sourced	v	source _ed
sources	n	source _s
sources	v	source _es
sourdoughs	n	sourdough _s
soured	v	sour _ed
sourer	a	sour _er
sourest	a	sour _est
souring	v	sour _ing
sourly	a	sour _ly
sourly	r	sour _ly
sourness	n	sour _ness
sourpusses	n	sourpuss _s
sours	n	sour _s
sours	v	sour _es
sous	n	sou _s
sousaphones	n	sousaphone _s
soused	v	souse _ed
southeasterly	a	southeast _ly
southeasterly	r	southeast _ly
southeastwards	n	southeastward _s
southerly	a	south _ly
southerly	r	south _ly
southerners	n	southerner _s
southpaws	n	southpaw _s
southwards	n	southward _s
southwesterly	a	southwest _ly
southwesterly	r	southwest _ly
southwesters	n	southwester _s
southwestwards	n	southwestward _s
souvenirs	n	souvenir _s
sovereigns	n	sovereign _s
soviets	n	soviet _s
sowed	v	sow _ed
sower	a	sow _er
sower	n	sow _er
sowers	n	sow _er _s
sowing	v	sow _ing
sown	v	sow _n
sows	n	sow _s
sows	v	sow _es
soybeans	n	soybean _s
spacecrafts	n	spacecraft _s
spaced	v	space _ed
spaceflights	n	spaceflight _s
spaces	n	space _s
spaces	v	space _es
spaceships	n	spaceship _s
spacesuits	n	spacesuit _s
spacewalked	v	spacewalk _ed
spacewalking	v	spacewalk _ing
spacewalks	v	spacewalk _es
spacious	a	space _ous
spaciously	r	space _ous _ly
spaciousness	n	space _ous _ness
spaded	v	spade _ed
spadefuls	n	spadeful _s
spades	n	spade _s
spammers	n	spammer _s
spangled	v	spangle _ed
spangles	n	spangle _s
spangles	v	spangle _es
spaniels	n	spaniel _s
spanked	v	spank _ed
spanking	v	spank _ing
spankings	n	spanking _s
spanks	n	spank _s
spanks	v	spank _es
spanned	v	span _ed
spanner	n	span _er
spanner	o	span _er
spanners	n	span _er _s
spanning	v	span _ing
spans	n	span _s
spans	v	span _es
spared	v	spare _ed
sparely	r	spare _ly
sparer	a	spare _r
spareribs	n	sparerib _s
spares	n	spare _s
spares	v	spare _es
sparest	a	spare _st
sparing	v	spare _ing
sparked	v	spark _ed
sparking	v	spark _ing
sparkled	v	sparkle _ed
sparkler	n	sparkle _er
sparklers	n	sparkle _er _s
sparkles	n	sparkle _s
sparkles	v	sparkle _es
sparks	n	spark _s
sparks	v	spark _es
sparred	v	spar _ed
sparring	v	spar _ing
sparrows	n	sparrow _s
spars	n	spar _s
spars	v	spar _es
sparsely	r	sparse _ly
sparseness	n	sparse _ness
sparser	a	sparse _r
sparsest	a	sparse _st
sparsity	n	sparse _ity
spas	n	spa _s
spasmodic	a	spasm _ic
spasmodic	n	spasm _ic
spasmodic	v	spasm _ic
spasms	n	spasm _s
spastic	a	spasm _ic
spastic	n	spasm _ic
spastics	n	spasm _ic _s
spates	n	spate _s
spatially	r	spatial _ly
spats	n	spat _s
spats	v	spat _es
spatted	v	spat _ed
spattered	v	spatter _ed
spattering	v	spatter _ing
spatters	n	spatter _s
spatters	v	spatter _es
spatting	v	spat _ing
spatulas	n	spatula _s
spawned	v	spawn _ed
spawning	v	spawn _ing
spawns	n	spawn _s
spawns	v	spawn _es
spayed	v	spay _ed
spaying	v	spay _ing
spays	v	spay _es
speaker	a	speak _er
speaker	n	speak _er
speaker	v	speak _er
speakerphones	n	speakerphone _s
speakers	n	speak _er _s
speaking	v	speak _ing
speakings	n	speaking _s
speaks	v	speak _es
speared	v	spear _ed
spearheaded	v	spearhead _ed
spearheading	v	spearhead _ing
spearheads	n	spearhead _s
spearheads	v	spearhead _es
spearing	v	spear _ing
spears	n	spear _s
spears	v	spear _es
specialisms	n	specialism _s
specialists	n	specialist _s
specializations	n	specialization _s
specialize	n	special _ize
specialize	v	special _ize
specialized	v	special _ize _ed
specializes	v	special _ize _es
specially	n	special _ly
specially	r	special _ly
specials	n	special _s
species	n	specie _s
specifications	n	specification _s
specificity	n	specific _ity
specifics	n	specific _s
specifiers	n	specifier _s
specifying	v	specify _ing
specimens	n	specimen _s
specked	v	speck _ed
specking	v	speck _ing
speckled	v	speckle _ed
speckles	n	speckle _s
specks	n	speck _s
specks	v	speck _es
specs	n	spec _s
spectacles	n	spectacle _s
spectacularly	a	spectacle _ar _ly
spectacularly	r	spectacle _ar _ly
spectacularly	v	spectacle _ar _ly
spectaculars	n	spectacular _s
spectated	v	spectate _ed
spectators	n	spectator _s
spectral	a	spectrum _al
spectral	n	spectrum _al
spectres	n	spectre _s
spectrometers	n	spectrometer _s
spectroscopes	n	spectroscope _s
spectroscopic	a	spectroscope _ic
spectroscopic	n	spectroscope _ic
speculated	v	speculate _ed
speculates	v	speculate _es
speculations	n	speculation _s
speculatively	r	speculative _ly
speculators	n	speculator _s
speeches	n	speech _s
speechifying	v	speechify _ing
speechless	a	speech _less
speechless	n	speech _less
speechless	r	speech _less
speechless	v	speech _less
speechwriters	n	speechwriter _s
speedboats	n	speedboat _s
speeders	n	speeder _s
speedily	a	speed _y _ly
speedily	r	speed _y _ly
speedily	v	speed _y _ly
speeding	v	speed _ing
speedometers	n	speedometer _s
speeds	n	speed _s
speeds	v	speed _es
speedways	n	speedway _s
speedy	a	speed _y
speedy	n	speed _y
speedy	v	speed _y
speleologist	n	speleology _ist
speleologists	n	speleology _ist _s
spellbinders	n	spellbind _er _s
spellbinding	v	spellbind _ing
spelldowns	n	spelldown _s
spelled	v	spell _ed
speller	n	spell _er
spellers	n	spell _er _s
spelling	v	spell _ing
spellings	n	spelling _s
spells	n	spell _s
spells	v	spell _es
spelunkers	n	spelunker _s
spelunking	v	spelunk _ing
spender	a	spend _er
spender	n	spend _er
spender	v	spend _er
spenders	n	spend _er _s
spending	v	spend _ing
spends	v	spend _es
spendthrifts	n	spendthrift _s
spermicides	n	spermicide _s
sperms	n	sperm _s
spewed	v	spew _ed
spewing	v	spew _ing
spews	v	spew _es
spheres	n	sphere _s
spheroids	n	spheroid _s
sphincters	n	sphincter _s
sphinxes	n	sphinx _s
spiced	v	spice _ed
spices	n	spice _s
spices	v	spice _es
spics	n	spic _s
spicules	n	spicule _s
spicy	a	spice _y
spicy	n	spice _y
spicy	o	spice _y
spicy	r	spice _y
spicy	v	spice _y
spiders	n	spider _s
spidery	a	spider _y
spidery	n	spider _y
spidery	r	spider _y
spiels	n	spiel _s
spigots	n	spigot _s
spiked	v	spike _ed
spikes	n	spike _s
spikes	v	spike _es
spiky	a	spike _y
spiky	n	spike _y
spiky	v	spike _y
spillages	n	spillage _s
spilled	v	spill _ed
spilling	v	spill _ing
spillovers	n	spillover _s
spills	n	spill _s
spills	v	spill _es
spillways	n	spillway _s
spinal	a	spine _al
spinal	n	spine _al
spindles	n	spindle _s
spindly	a	spindle _y
spindly	r	spindle _y
spineless	a	spine _less
spineless	n	spine _less
spineless	v	spine _less
spinelessness	n	spine _less _ness
spines	n	spine _s
spinnakers	n	spinnaker _s
spinner	a	spin _er
spinner	n	spin _er
spinners	n	spin _er _s
spinneys	n	spinney _s
spinning	v	spin _ing
spins	n	spin _s
spins	v	spin _es
spinsters	n	spinster _s
spiny	a	spine _y
spiny	n	spine _y
spiny	v	spine _y
spiracles	n	spiracle _s
spiral	a	spire _al
spiral	n	spire _al
spiral	v	spire _al
spiralled	v	spire _al _ed
spiralling	v	spire _al _ing
spirals	n	spire _al _s
spirals	v	spire _al _es
spires	n	spire _s
spirited	v	spirit _ed
spiriting	v	spirit _ing
spiritless	a	spirit _less
spiritless	n	spirit _less
spirits	n	spirit _s
spirits	v	spirit _es
spiritualist	a	spirit _al _ism _ist
spiritualist	n	spirit _al _ism _ist
spiritualists	n	spirit _al _ism _ist _s
spirituality	a	spirit _al _ity
spirituality	n	spirit _al _ity
spiritually	a	spirit _al _ly
spiritually	n	spirit _al _ly
spiritually	r	spirit _al _ly
spirituals	n	spiritual _s
spirituous	a	spirit _ous
spirochetes	n	spirochete _s
spitballs	n	spitball _s
spited	v	spit _ed
spiteful	a	spite _ful
spiteful	n	spite _ful
spitefully	r	spite _ful _ly
spitefulness	n	spite _ful _ness
spitefulness	v	spite _ful _ness
spites	n	spite _s
spites	v	spit _es
spitfires	n	spitfire _s
spiting	v	spit _ing
spits	n	spit _s
spits	v	spit _es
spitted	v	spit _ed
spitting	v	spit _ing
spittoons	n	spittoon _s
spivs	n	spiv _s
splashed	v	splash _ed
splashes	n	splash _s
splashes	v	splash _es
splashing	v	splash _ing
splashy	a	splash _y
splashy	v	splash _y
splats	n	splat _s
splattered	v	splatter _ed
splattering	v	splatter _ing
splatters	n	splatter _s
splatters	v	splatter _es
splayed	v	splay _ed
splaying	v	splay _ing
splays	n	splay _s
splays	v	splay _es
spleens	n	spleen _s
splendidly	a	splendid _ly
splendidly	r	splendid _ly
splendours	n	splendour _s
spliced	v	splice _ed
splices	n	splice _s
splices	v	splice _es
spliffs	n	spliff _s
splines	n	spline _s
splinted	v	splint _ed
splintered	v	splinter _ed
splintering	v	splinter _ing
splinters	n	splinter _s
splinters	v	splinter _es
splintery	n	splint _er _y
splinting	v	splint _ing
splints	n	splint _s
splints	v	splint _es
splits	n	split _s
splits	v	split _es
splitting	v	split _ing
splodges	n	splodge _s
sploshed	v	splosh _ed
sploshing	v	splosh _ing
splotched	v	splotch _ed
splotches	n	splotch _s
splotches	v	splotch _es
splurged	v	splurge _ed
splurges	n	splurge _s
splurges	v	splurge _es
spluttered	v	splutter _ed
spluttering	v	splutter _ing
splutters	n	splutter _s
splutters	v	splutter _es
spoiled	v	spoil _ed
spoiler	n	spoil _er
spoilers	n	spoil _er _s
spoiling	v	spoil _ing
spoils	n	spoil _s
spoils	v	spoil _es
spoilsports	n	spoilsport _s
spokes	n	spoke _s
spokespersons	n	spokesperson _s
sponged	v	sponge _ed
sponger	n	sponge _er
spongers	n	sponge _er _s
sponges	n	sponge _s
sponges	v	sponge _es
spongy	a	sponge _y
spongy	n	sponge _y
spongy	v	sponge _y
sponsored	v	sponsor _ed
sponsoring	v	sponsor _ing
sponsors	n	sponsor _s
sponsors	v	sponsor _es
spontaneity	n	spontaneous _ity
spontaneously	r	spontaneous _ly
spoofed	v	spoof _ed
spoofing	v	spoof _ing
spoofs	n	spoof _s
spoofs	v	spoof _es
spooked	v	spook _ed
spooking	v	spook _ing
spooks	n	spook _s
spooks	v	spook _es
spooky	a	spook _y
spooky	n	spook _y
spooky	v	spook _y
spooled	v	spool _ed
spooling	v	spool _ing
spools	n	spool _s
spools	v	spool _es
spoonbills	n	spoonbill _s
spooned	v	spoon _ed
spoonerisms	n	spoonerism _s
spoonful	a	spoon _ful
spoonful	n	spoon _ful
spoonfuls	n	spoon _ful _s
spooning	v	spoon _ing
spoons	n	spoon _s
spoons	v	spoon _es
spoors	n	spoor _s
spores	n	spore _s
sporrans	n	sporran _s
sported	v	sport _ed
sportiness	n	sport _y _ness
sporting	v	sport _ing
sports	n	sport _s
sports	v	sport _es
sportscasters	n	sportscaster _s
sportscasting	v	sportscast _ing
sportscasts	n	sportscast _s
sportswriters	n	sportswriter _s
sporty	a	sport _y
sporty	n	sport _y
spotless	a	spot _less
spotless	n	spot _less
spotless	v	spot _less
spotlessly	a	spot _less _ly
spotlessly	r	spot _less _ly
spotlighted	v	spotlight _ed
spotlighting	v	spotlight _ing
spotlights	n	spotlight _s
spotlights	v	spotlight _es
spots	n	spot _s
spots	v	spot _es
spotted	v	spot _ed
spotter	n	spot _er
spotters	n	spot _er _s
spotting	v	spot _ing
spotty	a	spot _y
spotty	n	spot _y
spotty	r	spot _y
spotty	v	spot _y
spouses	n	spouse _s
spouted	v	spout _ed
spouting	v	spout _ing
spouts	n	spout _s
spouts	v	spout _es
sprained	v	sprain _ed
spraining	v	sprain _ing
sprains	n	sprain _s
sprains	v	sprain _es
sprats	n	sprat _s
sprawled	v	sprawl _ed
sprawling	v	sprawl _ing
sprawls	n	sprawl _s
sprawls	v	sprawl _es
sprayed	v	spray _ed
sprayer	a	spray _er
sprayer	n	spray _er
sprayers	n	spray _er _s
spraying	v	spray _ing
sprays	n	spray _s
sprays	v	spray _es
spreadable	a	spread _able
spreadeagled	v	spreadeagle _ed
spreader	n	spread _er
spreaders	n	spread _er _s
spreading	v	spread _ing
spreads	n	spread _s
spreads	v	spread _es
spreadsheets	n	spreadsheet _s
sprees	n	spree _s
sprees	v	spree _es
sprightliness	n	spright _ly _ness
sprigs	n	sprig _s
springboards	n	springboard _s
springboks	n	springbok _s
springing	v	spring _ing
springs	n	spring _s
springs	v	spring _es
springy	a	spring _y
springy	n	spring _y
springy	r	spring _y
springy	v	spring _y
sprinkled	v	sprinkle _ed
sprinkler	a	sprinkle _er
sprinkler	n	sprinkle _er
sprinklers	n	sprinkle _er _s
sprinkles	n	sprinkle _s
sprinkles	v	sprinkle _es
sprinklings	n	sprinkling _s
sprinted	v	sprint _ed
sprinter	a	sprint _er
sprinter	n	sprint _er
sprinter	r	sprint _er
sprinter	v	sprint _er
sprinters	n	sprint _er _s
sprinting	v	sprint _ing
sprints	n	sprint _s
sprints	v	sprint _es
sprites	n	sprite _s
spritzed	v	spritz _ed
spritzers	n	spritzer _s
spritzes	n	spritz _s
spritzes	v	spritz _es
spritzing	v	spritz _ing
sprockets	n	sprocket _s
sprogs	n	sprog _s
sprouted	v	sprout _ed
sprouting	v	sprout _ing
sprouts	n	sprout _s
sprouts	v	sprout _es
spruced	v	spruce _ed
sprucer	a	spruce _r
spruces	n	spruce _s
spruces	v	spruce _es
spuds	n	spud _s
spuds	v	spud _es
spumed	v	spume _ed
spumes	n	spume _s
spunks	n	spunk _s
spunky	a	spunk _y
spunky	n	spunk _y
spuriously	r	spurious _ly
spurned	v	spurn _ed
spurning	v	spurn _ing
spurns	v	spurn _es
spurred	v	spur _ed
spurring	v	spur _ing
spurs	n	spur _s
spurs	v	spur _es
spurted	v	spurt _ed
spurting	v	spurt _ing
spurts	n	spurt _s
spurts	v	spurt _es
sputniks	n	sputnik _s
sputtered	v	sputter _ed
sputtering	v	sputter _ing
sputters	n	sputter _s
sputters	v	sputter _es
spying	v	spy _ing
spymasters	n	spymaster _s
squabbled	v	squabble _ed
squabbles	n	squabble _s
squabbles	v	squabble _es
squabs	n	squab _s
squadrons	n	squadron _s
squads	n	squad _s
squalled	v	squall _ed
squalling	v	squall _ing
squalls	n	squall _s
squalls	v	squall _es
squally	a	squall _y
squally	r	squall _y
squandered	v	squander _ed
squandering	v	squander _ing
squanders	v	squander _es
squared	v	square _ed
squarely	a	square _ly
squarely	r	square _ly
squareness	n	square _ness
squarer	a	square _r
squares	n	square _s
squares	v	square _es
squarest	a	square _st
squashed	v	squash _ed
squashes	n	squash _s
squashes	v	squash _es
squashing	v	squash _ing
squashy	a	squash _y
squashy	v	squash _y
squats	n	squat _s
squats	v	squat _es
squatted	v	squat _ed
squatter	a	squat _er
squatter	n	squat _er
squatters	n	squat _er _s
squatting	v	squat _ing
squawked	v	squawk _ed
squawkers	n	squawker _s
squawking	v	squawk _ing
squawks	n	squawk _s
squawks	v	squawk _es
squaws	n	squaw _s
squeaked	v	squeak _ed
squeakers	n	squeaker _s
squeaking	v	squeak _ing
squeaks	n	squeak _s
squeaks	v	squeak _es
squeaky	a	squeak _y
squeaky	n	squeak _y
squeaky	v	squeak _y
squealed	v	squeal _ed
squealers	n	squealer _s
squealing	v	squeal _ing
squeals	n	squeal _s
squeals	v	squeal _es
squeamishness	n	squeamish _ness
squeegeed	v	squeegee _ed
squeegees	n	squeegee _s
squeegees	v	squeegee _es
squeezed	v	squeeze _ed
squeezer	n	squeeze _er
squeezers	n	squeeze _er _s
squeezes	n	squeeze _s
squeezes	v	squeeze _es
squelched	v	squelch _ed
squelches	n	squelch _s
squelches	v	squelch _es
squelching	v	squelch _ing
squibs	n	squib _s
squids	n	squid _s
squiggles	n	squiggle _s
squiggly	r	squiggle _y
squinted	v	squint _ed
squinting	v	squint _ing
squints	n	squint _s
squints	v	squint _es
squired	v	squire _ed
squires	n	squire _s
squires	v	squire _es
squirmed	v	squirm _ed
squirming	v	squirm _ing
squirms	n	squirm _s
squirms	v	squirm _es
squirrels	n	squirrel _s
squirted	v	squirt _ed
squirting	v	squirt _ing
squirts	n	squirt _s
squirts	v	squirt _es
squished	v	squish _ed
squishes	n	squish _s
squishes	v	squish _es
squishing	v	squish _ing
stabbed	v	stab _ed
stabbers	n	stabber _s
stabbing	v	stab _ing
stability	a	stable _ity
stability	n	stable _ity
stability	v	stable _ity
stabilize	n	stable _ize
stabilize	o	stable _ize
stabilize	v	stable _ize
stabilized	v	stable _ize _ed
stabilizer	n	stable _ize _er
stabilizers	n	stable _ize _er _s
stabilizes	v	stable _ize _es
stabled	v	stable _ed
stablemates	n	stablemate _s
stabler	a	stable _r
stables	n	stable _s
stables	v	stable _es
stablest	a	stable _st
stably	r	stable _ly
stabs	n	stab _s
stabs	v	stab _es
stacked	v	stack _ed
stacking	v	stack _ing
stacks	n	stack _s
stacks	v	stack _es
stadiums	n	stadium _s
staffed	v	staff _ed
staffers	n	staffer _s
staffing	v	staff _ing
staffs	n	staff _s
staffs	v	staff _es
stagecoaches	n	stagecoach _s
staged	v	stag _ed
stagehands	n	stagehand _s
stages	n	stage _s
stages	v	stag _es
staggered	v	stagger _ed
staggering	v	stagger _ing
staggeringly	n	stagger _ing _ly
staggeringly	r	stagger _ing _ly
staggers	n	stagger _s
staggers	v	stagger _es
staging	v	stag _ing
stagings	n	staging _s
stagnated	v	stagnate _ed
stagnates	v	stagnate _es
stags	n	stag _s
stags	v	stag _es
stagy	a	stage _y
stagy	n	stage _y
stained	v	stain _ed
staining	v	stain _ing
stainless	a	stain _less
stainless	n	stain _less
stainless	v	stain _less
stains	n	stain _s
stains	v	stain _es
staircases	n	staircase _s
stairs	n	stair _s
stairways	n	stairway _s
stairwells	n	stairwell _s
staked	v	stake _ed
stakeholders	n	stakeholder _s
stakeouts	n	stakeout _s
stakes	n	stake _s
stakes	v	stake _es
stalactites	n	stalactite _s
stalagmites	n	stalagmite _s
staled	v	stale _ed
stalemated	v	stalemate _ed
stalemates	n	stalemate _s
stalemates	v	stalemate _es
staleness	n	stale _ness
staleness	v	stale _ness
stalest	a	stale _st
stalked	v	stalk _ed
stalker	n	stalk _er
stalkers	n	stalk _er _s
stalking	v	stalk _ing
stalkings	n	stalking _s
stalks	n	stalk _s
stalks	v	stalk _es
stalled	v	stall _ed
stalling	v	stall _ing
stallions	n	stallion _s
stalls	n	stall _s
stalls	v	stall _es
stalwarts	n	stalwart _s
stamens	n	stamen _s
stammered	v	stammer _ed
stammerers	n	stammer _er _s
stammering	v	stammer _ing
stammers	n	stammer _s
stammers	v	stammer _es
stamped	v	stamp _ed
stampeded	v	stampede _ed
stampedes	n	stampede _s
stampedes	v	stampede _es
stampers	n	stamper _s
stamping	v	stamp _ing
stamps	n	stamp _s
stamps	v	stamp _es
stances	n	stance _s
stanched	v	stanch _ed
stanching	v	stanch _ing
stanchions	n	stanchion _s
standardize	n	standard _ize
standardize	v	standard _ize
standardized	v	standard _ize _ed
standardizes	v	standard _ize _es
standards	n	standard _s
standbys	n	standby _s
standees	n	standee _s
stander	n	stand _er
standers	n	stand _er _s
standing	v	stand _ing
standings	n	standing _s
standings	v	stand _es
standoffs	n	standoff _s
standpipes	n	standpipe _s
standpoints	n	standpoint _s
stands	n	stand _s
stands	v	stand _es
standstills	n	standstill _s
stanzas	n	stanza _s
stapled	v	staple _ed
stapler	n	staple _er
staplers	n	staple _er _s
staples	n	staple _s
staples	v	staple _es
starched	v	starch _ed
starches	n	starch _s
starching	v	starch _ing
starchy	a	starch _y
starchy	n	starch _y
starchy	v	starch _y
stared	v	stare _ed
stares	n	stare _s
stares	v	stare _es
starfishes	n	starfish _s
stargazed	v	stargaze _ed
stargazers	n	stargazer _s
stargazes	v	stargaze _es
staring	v	stare _ing
starker	a	stark _er
starkest	a	stark _est
starkly	a	stark _ly
starkly	n	stark _ly
starkly	r	stark _ly
starkly	v	stark _ly
starless	a	star _less
starless	n	star _less
starlets	n	starlet _s
starlings	n	starling _s
starred	v	star _ed
starring	v	star _ing
starry	a	star _y
starry	n	star _y
starry	v	star _y
stars	n	star _s
stars	v	star _es
started	v	start _ed
starter	a	start _er
starter	n	start _er
starter	r	start _er
starter	v	start _er
starters	n	start _er _s
starting	v	start _ing
startled	v	startle _ed
startles	n	startle _s
startles	v	startle _es
startlingly	n	startle _ing _ly
startlingly	r	startle _ing _ly
startlingly	v	startle _ing _ly
starts	n	start _s
starts	v	start _es
startups	n	startup _s
starved	v	starve _ed
starvelings	n	starveling _s
starves	v	starve _es
stashed	v	stash _ed
stashes	n	stash _s
stashes	v	stash _es
stashing	v	stash _ing
stated	v	state _ed
statehouses	n	statehouse _s
stateless	a	state _less
stateless	n	state _less
statelessness	n	state _less _ness
stateliness	n	state _ly _ness
statement	n	state _ment
statements	n	state _ment _s
staterooms	n	stateroom _s
states	n	state _s
states	v	state _es
static	a	state _ic
static	n	state _ic
static	v	state _ic
statics	n	state _ic _s
stationed	v	station _ed
stationer	n	station _er
stationers	n	station _er _s
stationing	v	station _ing
stationmasters	n	stationmaster _s
stations	n	station _s
stations	v	station _es
statistical	a	statistic _al
statistical	n	statistic _al
statistically	n	statistic _al _ly
statistically	r	statistic _al _ly
statistically	v	statistic _al _ly
statisticians	n	statistician _s
statistics	n	statistic _s
statues	n	statue _s
statuettes	n	statuette _s
statures	n	stature _s
statuses	n	status _s
statutes	n	statute _s
staunched	v	staunch _ed
stauncher	a	staunch _er
staunches	v	staunch _es
staunchest	a	staunch _est
staunching	v	staunch _ing
staunchly	a	staunch _ly
staunchly	n	staunch _ly
staunchly	r	staunch _ly
staunchly	v	staunch _ly
staved	v	stave _ed
staves	n	stave _s
staves	v	stave _es
stayed	v	stay _ed
stayer	n	stay _er
stayers	n	stay _er _s
staying	v	stay _ing
stays	n	stay _s
stays	v	stay _es
steadfastly	a	steadfast _ly
steadfastly	r	steadfast _ly
steadfastness	a	steadfast _ness
steadfastness	n	steadfast _ness
steadily	a	steady _ly
steadily	n	steady _ly
steadily	r	steady _ly
steadiness	a	steady _ness
steadiness	n	steady _ness
steads	n	stead _s
steadying	v	steady _ing
steakhouses	n	steakhouse _s
steaks	n	steak _s
stealing	v	steal _ing
steals	n	steal _s
steals	v	steal _es
stealthily	r	stealth _y _ly
stealthy	a	stealth _y
stealthy	n	stealth _y
steamboats	n	steamboat _s
steamed	v	steam _ed
steamer	a	steam _er
steamer	n	steam _er
steamer	v	steam _er
steamers	n	steam _er _s
steamfitters	n	steamfitter _s
steaming	v	steam _ing
steamrolled	v	steamroll _ed
steamrollered	v	steamroller _ed
steamrollering	v	steamroller _ing
steamrollers	n	steamroller _s
steamrollers	v	steamroller _es
steamrolling	v	steamroll _ing
steamrolls	v	steamroll _es
steams	n	steam _s
steams	v	steam _es
steamships	n	steamship _s
steamy	a	steam _y
steamy	n	steam _y
steamy	v	steam _y
steeds	n	steed _s
steeled	v	steel _ed
steeling	v	steel _ing
steelmakers	n	steelmaker _s
steels	n	steel _s
steels	v	steel _es
steelworkers	n	steelworker _s
steely	a	steel _y
steely	r	steel _y
steeped	v	steep _ed
steepened	v	steepen _ed
steepening	v	steepen _ing
steepens	v	steepen _es
steeper	a	steep _er
steepest	a	steep _est
steeping	v	steep _ing
steeplechases	n	steeplechase _s
steeplejacks	n	steeplejack _s
steeples	n	steeple _s
steeply	a	steep _ly
steeply	n	steep _ly
steeply	r	steep _ly
steeply	v	steep _ly
steepness	n	steep _ness
steeps	n	steep _s
steeps	v	steep _es
steered	v	steer _ed
steering	v	steer _ing
steers	n	steer _s
steers	v	steer _es
steins	n	stein _s
stemmed	v	stem _ed
stemming	v	stem _ing
stems	n	stem _s
stems	v	stem _es
stenches	n	stench _s
stencilled	v	stencil _ed
stencilling	v	stencil _ing
stencils	n	stencil _s
stencils	v	stencil _es
stenographers	n	stenographer _s
stents	n	stent _s
stepbrothers	n	stepbrother _s
stepchildren	n	stepchild _ren
stepdaughters	n	stepdaughter _s
stepfathers	n	stepfather _s
stepladders	n	stepladder _s
stepmothers	n	stepmother _s
stepparents	n	stepparent _s
stepped	v	step _ed
steppers	n	stepper _s
steppes	n	steppe _s
stepping	v	step _ing
steps	n	step _s
steps	v	step _es
stepsisters	n	stepsister _s
stepsons	n	stepson _s
stereos	n	stereo _s
stereoscopic	a	stereoscope _ic
stereoscopic	n	stereoscope _ic
stereoscopic	v	stereoscope _ic
stereotyped	v	stereotype _ed
stereotypes	n	stereotype _s
stereotypes	v	stereotype _es
sterility	n	sterile _ity
sterilizations	n	sterilization _s
sterilized	v	sterilize _ed
sterilizers	n	sterilizer _s
sterilizes	v	sterilize _es
sterner	a	stern _er
sternest	a	stern _est
sternly	n	stern _ly
sternly	r	stern _ly
sternness	n	stern _ness
sternness	v	stern _ness
sterns	n	stern _s
sternums	n	sternum _s
steroids	n	steroid _s
stethoscopes	n	stethoscope _s
stets	v	stet _es
stetsons	n	stetson _s
stetting	v	stet _ing
stevedores	n	stevedore _s
stewardesses	n	stewardess _s
stewards	n	steward _s
stewed	v	stew _ed
stewing	v	stew _ing
stews	n	stew _s
stews	v	stew _es
sticker	n	stick _er
stickers	n	stick _er _s
stickiness	n	stick _y _ness
sticking	v	stick _ing
sticklebacks	n	stickleback _s
sticklers	n	stickler _s
stickpins	n	stickpin _s
sticks	n	stick _s
sticks	v	stick _es
stickups	n	stickup _s
sticky	a	stick _y
sticky	n	stick _y
sticky	r	stick _y
sticky	v	stick _y
stiffened	v	stiffen _ed
stiffener	n	stiffen _er
stiffeners	n	stiffen _er _s
stiffening	v	stiffen _ing
stiffens	v	stiffen _es
stiffer	a	stiff _er
stiffest	a	stiff _est
stiffly	a	stiff _ly
stiffly	n	stiff _ly
stiffly	r	stiff _ly
stiffly	v	stiff _ly
stiffness	a	stiff _ness
stiffness	n	stiff _ness
stiffness	r	stiff _ness
stiffness	v	stiff _ness
stiffs	n	stiff _s
stifled	v	stifle _ed
stifles	n	stifle _s
stifles	v	stifle _es
stigmas	n	stigma _s
stigmata	n	stigma _ta
stigmatize	v	stigma _ize
stigmatized	v	stigma _ize _ed
stigmatizes	v	stigma _ize _es
stiles	n	stile _s
stilettos	n	stiletto _s
stillbirths	n	stillbirth _s
stilled	v	still _ed
stillest	a	still _est
stilling	v	still _ing
stillness	a	still _ness
stillness	n	still _ness
stillness	v	still _ness
stills	n	still _s
stills	v	still _es
stilts	n	stilt _s
stimulants	n	stimulant _s
stimulated	v	stimulate _ed
stimulates	v	stimulate _es
stinger	n	sting _er
stingers	n	sting _er _s
stinginess	n	sting _y _ness
stinging	v	sting _ing
stingrays	n	stingray _s
stings	n	sting _s
stings	v	sting _es
stinker	n	stink _er
stinker	v	stink _er
stinkers	n	stink _er _s
stinking	v	stink _ing
stinks	n	stink _s
stinks	v	stink _es
stinted	v	stint _ed
stinting	v	stint _ing
stints	n	stint _s
stints	v	stint _es
stipends	n	stipend _s
stippled	v	stipple _ed
stipples	v	stipple _es
stipulated	v	stipulate _ed
stipulates	v	stipulate _es
stipulation	n	stipulate _ion
stipulations	n	stipulate _ion _s
stirred	v	stir _ed
stirrer	n	stir _er
stirrers	n	stir _er _s
stirring	v	stir _ing
stirrings	n	stirring _s
stirrups	n	stirrup _s
stirs	n	stir _s
stirs	v	stir _es
stitched	v	stitch _ed
stitches	n	stitch _s
stitches	v	stitch _es
stitching	v	stitch _ing
stoats	n	stoat _s
stockades	n	stockade _s
stockbrokers	n	stockbroker _s
stocked	v	stock _ed
stockholders	n	stockholder _s
stocking	v	stock _ing
stockings	n	stocking _s
stockings	v	stock _es
stockist	n	stock _ist
stockists	n	stock _ist _s
stockpiled	v	stockpile _ed
stockpiles	n	stockpile _s
stockpiles	v	stockpile _es
stockpots	n	stockpot _s
stockrooms	n	stockroom _s
stocks	n	stock _s
stocky	a	stock _y
stocky	n	stock _y
stockyards	n	stockyard _s
stodgy	a	stodge _y
stodgy	n	stodge _y
stodgy	v	stodge _y
stoical	a	stoic _al
stoically	r	stoic _al _ly
stoics	n	stoic _s
stoked	v	stoke _ed
stoker	n	stoke _er
stokers	n	stoke _er _s
stokes	v	stoke _es
stoles	n	stole _s
stolidly	r	stolid _ly
stolons	n	stolon _s
stomachaches	n	stomachache _s
stomached	v	stomach _ed
stomaching	v	stomach _ing
stomachs	n	stomach _s
stomachs	v	stomach _es
stomped	v	stomp _ed
stomping	v	stomp _ing
stomps	n	stomp _s
stomps	v	stomp _es
stoned	v	stone _ed
stonemasons	n	stonemason _s
stoner	a	stone _r
stoners	n	stoner _s
stones	n	stone _s
stones	v	stone _es
stonewalled	v	stonewall _ed
stonewalling	v	stonewall _ing
stonewalls	v	stonewall _es
stonewashed	v	stonewash _ed
stonily	n	stone _y _ly
stonily	r	stone _y _ly
stony	a	stone _y
stony	n	stone _y
stony	v	stone _y
stooges	n	stooge _s
stooges	v	stooge _es
stools	n	stool _s
stools	v	stool _es
stooped	v	stoop _ed
stooping	v	stoop _ing
stoops	n	stoop _s
stoops	v	stoop _es
stopcocks	n	stopcock _s
stopgaps	n	stopgap _s
stoplights	n	stoplight _s
stopovers	n	stopover _s
stoppages	n	stoppage _s
stopped	v	stop _ed
stopper	a	stop _er
stopper	n	stop _er
stopper	v	stop _er
stoppered	v	stop _er _ed
stoppering	v	stop _er _ing
stoppers	n	stop _er _s
stoppers	v	stop _er _es
stopping	v	stop _ing
stops	n	stop _s
stops	v	stop _es
stopwatches	n	stopwatch _s
stored	v	store _ed
storefronts	n	storefront _s
storehouses	n	storehouse _s
storekeepers	n	storekeeper _s
storerooms	n	storeroom _s
stores	n	store _s
stores	v	store _es
storeys	n	storey _s
storks	n	stork _s
stormed	v	storm _ed
storming	v	storm _ing
storms	n	storm _s
storms	v	storm _es
stormy	a	storm _y
stormy	n	storm _y
stormy	v	storm _y
storybooks	n	storybook _s
storytellers	n	storyteller _s
stoups	n	stoup _s
stouter	a	stout _er
stoutest	a	stout _est
stoutly	r	stout _ly
stouts	n	stout _s
stovepipes	n	stovepipe _s
stoves	n	stove _s
stowaways	n	stowaway _s
stowed	v	stow _ed
stowing	v	stow _ing
stows	v	stow _es
straddled	v	straddle _ed
straddles	n	straddle _s
straddles	v	straddle _es
strafed	v	strafe _ed
strafes	n	strafe _s
strafes	v	strafe _es
straggled	v	straggle _ed
straggler	n	straggle _er
stragglers	n	straggle _er _s
straggles	n	straggle _s
straggles	v	straggle _es
straightaways	n	straightaway _s
straightened	v	straighten _ed
straighteners	n	straightener _s
straightening	v	straighten _ing
straightens	v	straighten _es
straighter	a	straight _er
straightest	a	straight _est
straightforwardly	a	straightforward _ly
straightforwardly	r	straightforward _ly
straightness	n	straight _ness
straightness	r	straight _ness
straights	n	straight _s
strained	v	strain _ed
strainer	n	strain _er
strainers	n	strain _er _s
straining	v	strain _ing
strains	n	strain _s
strains	v	strain _es
straitened	v	straiten _ed
straitjackets	n	straitjacket _s
straits	n	strait _s
stranded	v	strand _ed
stranding	v	strand _ing
strands	n	strand _s
strands	v	strand _es
strangely	a	strange _ly
strangely	r	strange _ly
strangely	v	strange _ly
strangeness	a	strange _ness
strangeness	n	strange _ness
stranger	a	strange _r
strangers	n	stranger _s
strangest	a	strange _st
strangled	v	strangle _ed
strangleholds	n	stranglehold _s
stranglers	n	strangler _s
strangles	v	strangle _es
strangulated	v	strangulate _ed
strangulation	n	strangulate _ion
strapless	a	strap _less
strapless	n	strap _less
strapped	v	strap _ed
strapping	v	strap _ing
straps	n	strap _s
straps	v	strap _es
stratagems	n	stratagem _s
strategic	a	strategy _ic
strategists	n	strategist _s
stratifying	v	stratify _ing
stratospheres	n	stratosphere _s
strawed	v	straw _ed
straws	n	straw _s
straws	v	straw _es
strayed	v	stray _ed
straying	v	stray _ing
strays	n	stray _s
strays	v	stray _es
streaked	v	streak _ed
streaker	n	streak _er
streakers	n	streak _er _s
streaking	v	streak _ing
streaks	n	streak _s
streaks	v	streak _es
streaky	a	streak _y
streaky	n	streak _y
streaky	r	streak _y
streamed	v	stream _ed
streamer	a	stream _er
streamer	n	stream _er
streamers	n	stream _er _s
streaming	v	stream _ing
streamlined	v	streamline _ed
streamlines	v	streamline _es
streams	n	stream _s
streams	v	stream _es
streetcars	n	streetcar _s
streetlights	n	streetlight _s
streets	n	street _s
streetwalkers	n	streetwalker _s
strengthened	v	strengthen _ed
strengtheners	n	strengthener _s
strengthening	v	strengthen _ing
strengthens	v	strengthen _es
strengths	n	strength _s
strenuously	r	strenuous _ly
streptococcal	a	streptococcus _al
stressed	v	stress _ed
stresses	n	stress _s
stresses	v	stress _es
stressing	v	stress _ing
stretchable	a	stretch _able
stretched	v	stretch _ed
stretcher	a	stretch _er
stretcher	n	stretch _er
stretcher	o	stretch _er
stretcher	r	stretch _er
stretchers	n	stretch _er _s
stretches	n	stretch _s
stretches	v	stretch _es
stretching	v	stretch _ing
stretchy	a	stretch _y
stretchy	n	stretch _y
stretchy	v	stretch _y
strewed	v	strew _ed
strewing	v	strew _ing
strewn	v	strew _n
strews	v	strew _es
striae	n	stria _e
striated	v	striate _ed
striations	n	striate _ion _s
stricter	a	strict _er
strictest	a	strict _est
strictly	a	strict _ly
strictly	r	strict _ly
strictly	v	strict _ly
strictness	a	strict _ness
strictness	n	strict _ness
strictures	n	stricture _s
stridently	a	strident _ly
stridently	r	strident _ly
strides	n	stride _s
strides	v	stride _es
strikebreakers	n	strikebreaker _s
strikeouts	n	strikeout _s
striker	a	strike _er
striker	n	strike _er
striker	o	strike _er
striker	v	strike _er
strikers	n	strike _er _s
strikes	n	strike _s
strikes	v	strike _es
strikingly	r	strike _ing _ly
strikingly	v	strike _ing _ly
stringed	v	string _ed
stringently	r	stringent _ly
stringers	n	stringer _s
stringing	v	string _ing
strings	n	string _s
strings	v	string _es
stringy	a	string _y
stringy	n	string _y
stringy	v	string _y
striped	v	stripe _ed
stripes	n	stripe _s
stripes	v	stripe _es
striping	v	strip _ing
striplings	n	stripling _s
stripped	v	strip _ed
stripper	a	strip _er
stripper	n	strip _er
strippers	n	strip _er _s
stripping	v	strip _ing
strips	n	strip _s
strips	v	strip _es
stripteases	n	striptease _s
stripy	a	stripe _y
stripy	n	stripe _y
striven	v	strive _n
strives	v	strive _es
strobes	n	strobe _s
stroked	v	stroke _ed
strokes	n	stroke _s
strokes	v	stroke _es
strolled	v	stroll _ed
strollers	n	stroll _er _s
strolling	v	stroll _ing
strolls	n	stroll _s
strolls	v	stroll _es
strongboxes	n	strongbox _s
stronger	a	strong _er
strongest	a	strong _est
strongholds	n	stronghold _s
strongly	n	strong _ly
strongly	r	strong _ly
strongly	v	strong _ly
strongrooms	n	strongroom _s
strophes	n	strophe _s
stropped	v	strop _ed
stropping	v	strop _ing
strops	n	strop _s
strops	v	strop _es
structural	a	structure _al
structural	n	structure _al
structural	v	structure _al
structurally	a	structure _al _ly
structurally	r	structure _al _ly
structured	v	structure _ed
structures	n	structure _s
structures	v	structure _es
strudels	n	strudel _s
struggled	v	struggle _ed
struggles	n	struggle _s
struggles	v	struggle _es
strummed	v	strum _ed
strumming	v	strum _ing
strums	n	strum _s
strums	v	strum _es
struts	n	strut _s
struts	v	strut _es
strutted	v	strut _ed
strutting	v	strut _ing
stubbed	v	stub _ed
stubbing	v	stub _ing
stubbly	a	stubble _y
stubbly	n	stubble _y
stubbly	r	stubble _y
stubbornest	a	stubborn _est
stubbornly	a	stubborn _ly
stubbornly	r	stubborn _ly
stubbornness	a	stubborn _ness
stubbornness	n	stubborn _ness
stubby	a	stub _y
stubby	n	stub _y
stubby	v	stub _y
stubs	n	stub _s
stubs	v	stub _es
stuccoed	v	stucco _ed
stuccoes	n	stucco _s
studded	v	stud _ed
studding	v	stud _ing
students	n	student _s
studentships	n	studentship _s
studios	n	studio _s
studious	a	study _ous
studiously	r	study _ous _ly
studiousness	n	study _ous _ness
studs	n	stud _s
studs	v	stud _es
studying	v	study _ing
stuffed	v	stuff _ed
stuffiness	n	stuff _y _ness
stuffing	v	stuff _ing
stuffings	n	stuffing _s
stuffs	n	stuff _s
stuffs	v	stuff _es
stuffy	a	stuff _y
stuffy	n	stuff _y
stuffy	o	stuff _y
stuffy	r	stuff _y
stuffy	v	stuff _y
stultifying	v	stultify _ing
stumbled	v	stumble _ed
stumblers	n	stumbler _s
stumbles	n	stumble _s
stumbles	v	stumble _es
stumped	v	stump _ed
stumping	v	stump _ing
stumps	n	stump _s
stumps	v	stump _es
stumpy	a	stump _y
stumpy	n	stump _y
stunned	v	stun _ed
stunner	n	stun _er
stunners	n	stun _er _s
stunning	v	stun _ing
stunningly	a	stun _ing _ly
stunningly	r	stun _ing _ly
stuns	v	stun _es
stunted	v	stunt _ed
stunting	v	stunt _ing
stunts	n	stunt _s
stunts	v	stunt _es
stupefaction	n	stupefy _ion
stupefaction	v	stupefy _ion
stupefying	v	stupefy _ing
stupendously	n	stupendous _ly
stupendously	r	stupendous _ly
stupider	a	stupid _er
stupidest	a	stupid _est
stupidity	n	stupid _ity
stupidly	r	stupid _ly
stupids	n	stupid _s
stupors	n	stupor _s
sturdily	a	sturdy _ly
sturdily	r	sturdy _ly
sturdiness	n	sturdy _ness
sturdiness	r	sturdy _ness
sturgeons	n	sturgeon _s
stuttered	v	stutter _ed
stutterers	n	stutterer _s
stuttering	v	stutter _ing
stutters	n	stutter _s
stutters	v	stutter _es
styled	v	style _ed
styles	n	style _s
styles	v	style _es
stylishly	a	style _ish _ly
stylishly	n	style _ish _ly
stylishly	r	style _ish _ly
stylishness	n	style _ish _ness
stylist	a	style _ist
stylist	n	style _ist
stylist	v	style _ist
stylistic	a	style _ist _ic
stylists	n	style _ist _s
stylized	v	style _ize _ed
stylizes	v	stylize _es
styluses	n	stylus _s
stymied	v	stymie _ed
stymieing	v	stymie _ing
suavely	a	suave _ly
suavely	r	suave _ly
suavest	a	suave _st
suavity	n	suave _ity
subalterns	n	subaltern _s
subbed	v	sub _ed
subbing	v	sub _ing
subcommittees	n	subcommittee _s
subcompacts	n	subcompact _s
subconsciously	r	sub_ conscious _ly
subconsciously	v	sub_ conscious _ly
subconsciousness	n	sub_ conscious _ness
subcontinents	n	subcontinent _s
subcontracted	v	subcontract _ed
subcontracting	v	subcontract _ing
subcontractors	n	subcontractor _s
subcontracts	n	subcontract _s
subcontracts	v	subcontract _es
subcultures	n	subculture _s
subcutaneously	r	subcutaneous _ly
subdivided	v	subdivide _ed
subdivides	v	subdivide _es
subdivision	n	sub_ divide _ion
subdivisions	n	sub_ divide _ion _s
subdued	v	subdue _ed
subdues	v	subdue _es
subeditors	n	subeditor _s
subgroups	n	subgroup _s
subheadings	n	subheading _s
subheads	n	subhead _s
subjected	v	subject _ed
subjecting	v	subject _ing
subjection	n	subject _ion
subjectively	a	subject _ive _ly
subjectively	r	subject _ive _ly
subjectivity	a	subjective _ity
subjectivity	n	subjective _ity
subjects	n	subject _s
subjects	v	subject _es
subjugated	v	subjugate _ed
subjugates	v	subjugate _es
subjunctives	n	subjunctive _s
subleased	v	sublease _ed
subleases	n	sublease _s
sublets	n	sublet _s
sublets	v	sublet _es
subletting	v	sublet _ing
sublimated	v	sublimate _ed
sublimates	n	sublimate _s
sublimates	v	sublimate _es
sublimed	v	sublime _ed
sublimely	a	sublime _ly
sublimely	r	sublime _ly
sublimes	v	sublime _es
sublimest	a	sublime _st
sublimity	n	sublime _ity
submariners	n	submariner _s
submarines	n	submarine _s
submarines	v	submarine _es
submerged	v	submerge _ed
submerges	v	submerge _es
submersed	v	submerse _ed
submersibles	n	submersible _s
submissions	n	submission _s
submissively	r	submit _ive _ly
submissiveness	n	submit _ssive _ness
submits	v	submit _es
submitted	v	submit _ed
submitting	v	submit _ing
subordinated	v	subordinate _ed
subordinates	n	subordinate _s
subordinates	v	subordinate _es
subordination	n	sub_ ordinate _ion
suborned	v	suborn _ed
suborning	v	suborn _ing
suborns	v	suborn _es
subpoenaed	v	subpoena _ed
subpoenaing	v	subpoena _ing
subpoenas	n	subpoena _s
subpoenas	v	subpoena _es
subroutines	n	subroutine _s
subs	n	sub _s
subs	v	sub _es
subscribed	v	subscribe _ed
subscriber	a	subscribe _er
subscriber	n	subscribe _er
subscriber	v	subscribe _er
subscribers	n	subscribe _er _s
subscribes	v	subscribe _es
subscription	a	subscribe _ion
subscription	n	subscribe _ion
subscription	v	subscribe _ion
subscriptions	n	subscribe _ion _s
subscripts	n	subscript _s
subsections	n	subsection _s
subsequently	r	subsequent _ly
subsequently	v	subsequent _ly
subsets	n	subset _s
subsided	v	subside _ed
subsides	v	subside _es
subsidize	v	subsidy _ize
subsidized	v	subsidy _ize _ed
subsidizes	v	subsidy _ize _es
subsisted	v	subsist _ed
subsisting	v	subsist _ing
subsists	v	subsist _es
substances	n	substance _s
substantially	r	substantial _ly
substantiated	v	substantiate _ed
substantiates	v	substantiate _es
substantiation	n	substantiate _ion
substantiations	n	substantiate _ion _s
substantively	r	substance _ive _ly
substantives	n	substantive _s
substations	n	substation _s
substituted	v	substitute _ed
substitutes	n	substitute _s
substitutes	v	substitute _es
substitutions	n	substitution _s
substrates	n	substrate _s
substructures	n	substructure _s
subsumed	v	subsume _ed
subsumes	v	subsume _es
subsystems	n	subsystem _s
subtended	v	subtend _ed
subtends	v	subtend _es
subterfuges	n	subterfuge _s
subtitled	v	subtitle _ed
subtitles	n	subtitle _s
subtitles	v	subtitle _es
subtler	a	subtle _r
subtlest	a	subtle _st
subtly	n	subtle _ly
subtly	r	subtle _ly
subtotals	n	subtotal _s
subtracted	v	subtract _ed
subtracting	v	subtract _ing
subtraction	n	subtract _ion
subtractions	n	subtract _ion _s
subtracts	v	subtract _es
suburbanites	n	suburbanite _s
suburbs	n	suburb _s
subventions	n	subvention _s
subversively	r	subversive _ly
subversiveness	a	sub_ verse _ive _ness
subversiveness	n	sub_ verse _ive _ness
subversives	n	subversive _s
subverted	v	subvert _ed
subverting	v	subvert _ing
subverts	v	subvert _es
subways	n	subway _s
succeeded	v	succeed _ed
succeeding	v	succeed _ing
succeeds	v	succeed _es
successes	n	success _s
successful	a	success _ful
successfully	n	success _ful _ly
successfully	r	success _ful _ly
succession	n	succeed _ion
succession	v	succeed _ion
successions	n	succeed _ion _s
successively	a	success _ive _ly
successively	r	success _ive _ly
successors	n	successor _s
succinctly	r	succinct _ly
succinctness	n	succinct _ness
succoured	v	succour _ed
succouring	v	succour _ing
succours	v	succour _es
succulents	n	succulent _s
succumbed	v	succumb _ed
succumbing	v	succumb _ing
succumbs	v	succumb _es
sucked	v	suck _ed
sucker	n	suck _er
sucker	v	suck _er
suckers	n	suck _er _s
sucking	v	suck _ing
suckled	v	suckle _ed
suckles	v	suckle _es
sucklings	n	suckling _s
sucks	n	suck _s
sucks	v	suck _es
suctioned	v	suction _ed
suctioning	v	suction _ing
suctions	n	suction _s
suddenly	a	sudden _ly
suddenly	n	sudden _ly
suddenly	r	sudden _ly
suddenly	v	sudden _ly
suddenness	a	sudden _ness
suddenness	n	sudden _ness
sued	v	sue _ed
sues	n	sue _s
sues	v	sue _es
suffered	v	suffer _ed
sufferer	a	suffer _er
sufferer	n	suffer _er
sufferer	v	suffer _er
sufferers	n	suffer _er _s
suffering	v	suffer _ing
sufferings	n	suffering _s
suffers	v	suffer _es
sufficed	v	suffice _ed
suffices	v	suffice _es
sufficiently	a	sufficient _ly
sufficiently	r	sufficient _ly
suffixed	v	suffix _ed
suffixes	n	suffix _s
suffocated	v	suffocate _ed
suffocates	v	suffocate _es
suffocation	n	suffocate _ion
suffragettes	n	suffragette _s
suffragists	n	suffragist _s
suffused	v	suffuse _ed
suffuses	v	suffuse _es
sugarcoated	v	sugarcoat _ed
sugarcoating	v	sugarcoat _ing
sugarcoats	v	sugarcoat _es
sugared	v	sugar _ed
sugaring	v	sugar _ing
sugarless	n	sugar _less
sugarplums	n	sugarplum _s
sugars	n	sugar _s
sugars	v	sugar _es
sugary	a	sugar _y
suggested	v	suggest _ed
suggesting	v	suggest _ing
suggestions	n	suggestion _s
suggestively	r	suggest _ive _ly
suggests	v	suggest _es
suicidal	a	suicide _al
suicidal	n	suicide _al
suicidal	o	suicide _al
suicidal	r	suicide _al
suicidal	v	suicide _al
suicides	n	suicide _s
suitability	n	suit _able _ity
suitable	a	suit _able
suitable	n	suit _able
suitable	v	suit _able
suitably	a	suit _able _ly
suitably	n	suit _able _ly
suitably	r	suit _able _ly
suitcases	n	suitcase _s
suited	v	suit _ed
suites	n	suite _s
suites	v	suit _es
suiting	v	suit _ing
suitors	n	suitor _s
suits	n	suit _s
suits	v	suit _es
sulfonamides	n	sulfonamide _s
sulked	v	sulk _ed
sulkily	n	sulk _y _ly
sulkily	r	sulk _y _ly
sulking	v	sulk _ing
sulks	n	sulk _s
sulks	v	sulk _es
sulky	a	sulk _y
sulky	n	sulk _y
sulky	r	sulk _y
sulky	v	sulk _y
sullenly	r	sullen _ly
sullenness	n	sullen _ness
sullying	v	sully _ing
sulphates	n	sulphate _s
sulphides	n	sulphide _s
sulphuric	a	sulphur _ic
sulphuric	n	sulphur _ic
sulphurous	a	sulphur _ous
sultanas	n	sultana _s
sultanates	n	sultanate _s
sultans	n	sultan _s
summarily	r	summary _ly
summarize	n	summary _ize
summarize	o	summary _ize
summarize	v	summary _ize
summarized	v	summary _ize _ed
summarizes	v	summary _ize _es
summations	n	summation _s
summed	v	sum _ed
summered	v	summer _ed
summerhouses	n	summerhouse _s
summering	v	summer _ing
summers	n	summer _s
summers	v	summer _es
summery	a	summer _y
summery	n	summer _y
summing	v	sum _ing
summits	n	summit _s
summits	v	summit _es
summoned	v	summon _ed
summoning	v	summon _ing
summons	v	summon _es
summonsed	v	summons _ed
summonses	n	summons _s
summonses	v	summon _es _es
summonsing	v	summons _ing
sumps	n	sump _s
sumptuously	r	sumptuary _ous _ly
sums	n	sum _s
sums	v	sum _es
sunbathed	v	sunbathe _ed
sunbather	n	sunbathe _er
sunbathers	n	sunbathe _er _s
sunbathes	v	sunbathe _es
sunbeams	n	sunbeam _s
sunblocks	n	sunblock _s
sunburned	v	sunburn _ed
sunburns	n	sunburn _s
sunbursts	n	sunburst _s
sundaes	n	sundae _s
sundered	v	sunder _ed
sundering	v	sunder _ing
sundials	n	sundial _s
sundowns	n	sundown _s
sundresses	n	sundress _s
sunfishes	n	sunfish _s
sunflowers	n	sunflower _s
sunglasses	n	sunglass _s
sunhats	n	sunhat _s
sunlamps	n	sunlamp _s
sunless	a	sun _less
sunless	n	sun _less
sunned	v	sun _ed
sunning	v	sun _ing
sunny	a	sun _y
sunny	n	sun _y
sunny	r	sun _y
sunny	v	sun _y
sunrises	n	sunrise _s
sunroofs	n	sunroof _s
suns	n	sun _s
suns	v	sun _es
sunscreens	n	sunscreen _s
sunsets	n	sunset _s
sunshades	n	sunshade _s
sunspots	n	sunspot _s
suntans	n	suntan _s
suntans	v	suntan _es
suntraps	n	suntrap _s
superannuated	v	superannuate _ed
superbly	a	superb _ly
superbly	n	superb _ly
superbly	r	superb _ly
supercharged	v	supercharge _ed
superchargers	n	supercharger _s
supercharges	v	supercharge _es
supercomputers	n	supercomputer _s
superficiality	n	superficial _ity
superficially	r	superficies _al _ly
superfluity	n	superfluous _ity
supergrasses	n	supergrass _s
superhighways	n	superhighway _s
superimposed	v	superimpose _ed
superimposes	v	superimpose _es
superintended	v	superintend _ed
superintendents	n	superintendent _s
superintending	v	superintend _ing
superintends	v	superintend _es
superiority	n	superior _ity
superiors	n	superior _s
superlatively	r	superlative _ly
superlatives	n	superlative _s
supermarkets	n	supermarket _s
supermodels	n	supermodel _s
supernaturally	r	supernature _al _ly
supernaturals	n	supernatural _s
supernovae	n	supernova _e
supernovas	n	supernova _s
superposed	v	superpose _ed
superpowers	n	superpower _s
supers	n	super _s
superseded	v	supersede _ed
supersedes	v	supersede _es
superstars	n	superstar _s
superstitions	n	superstition _s
superstitious	a	superstition _ous
superstitiously	r	superstition _ous _ly
superstructures	n	superstructure _s
supertankers	n	supertanker _s
supervened	v	supervene _ed
supervised	v	supervise _ed
supervises	v	supervise _es
supervisions	n	supervision _s
supervisors	n	supervisor _s
supped	v	sup _ed
supper	a	sup _er
supper	n	sup _er
supper	o	sup _er
supper	r	sup _er
supper	v	sup _er
suppers	n	sup _er _s
supping	v	sup _ing
supplanted	v	supplant _ed
supplanting	v	supplant _ing
supplants	v	supplant _es
supplemented	v	supplement _ed
supplementing	v	supplement _ing
supplements	n	supplement _s
supplements	v	supplement _es
suppleness	a	supple _ness
suppleness	n	supple _ness
suppliants	n	suppliant _s
supplicants	n	supplicant _s
supplicated	v	supplicate _ed
supplications	n	supplication _s
supplier	a	supply _er
supplier	n	supply _er
supplier	r	supply _er
supplier	v	supply _er
suppliers	n	supply _er _s
supplying	v	supply _ing
supportable	a	support _able
supportable	n	support _able
supported	v	support _ed
supporter	n	support _er
supporter	r	support _er
supporter	v	support _er
supporters	n	support _er _s
supporting	v	support _ing
supports	n	support _s
supports	v	support _es
supposed	v	suppose _ed
supposedly	a	suppose _ed _ly
supposedly	n	suppose _ed _ly
supposedly	r	suppose _ed _ly
supposes	v	suppose _es
suppositions	n	supposition _s
suppressants	n	suppressant _s
suppressed	v	suppress _ed
suppresses	v	suppress _es
suppressing	v	suppress _ing
suppression	n	suppress _ion
suppressors	n	suppressor _s
supremacist	a	supremacy _ist
supremacist	n	supremacy _ist
supremacists	n	supremacy _ist _s
supremely	a	supreme _ly
supremely	r	supreme _ly
supremos	n	supremo _s
sups	n	sup _s
sups	v	sup _es
surcharged	v	surcharge _ed
surcharges	n	surcharge _s
surcharges	v	surcharge _es
surely	a	sure _ly
surely	n	sure _ly
surely	r	sure _ly
surely	v	sure _ly
sureness	n	sure _ness
surer	a	sure _r
surest	a	sure _st
surfaced	v	surface _ed
surfaces	n	surface _s
surfaces	v	surface _es
surfboarding	v	surfboard _ing
surfboards	n	surfboard _s
surfed	v	surf _ed
surfeited	v	surfeit _ed
surfeiting	v	surfeit _ing
surfeits	n	surfeit _s
surfer	n	surf _er
surfer	v	surf _er
surfers	n	surf _er _s
surfing	v	surf _ing
surfs	n	surf _s
surfs	v	surf _es
surged	v	surge _ed
surgeons	n	surgeon _s
surges	n	surge _s
surges	v	surge _es
surgically	r	surgy _al _ly
surmised	v	surmise _ed
surmises	n	surmise _s
surmises	v	surmise _es
surmountable	a	surmount _able
surmounted	v	surmount _ed
surmounting	v	surmount _ing
surmounts	v	surmount _es
surnames	n	surname _s
surpassed	v	surpass _ed
surpasses	v	surpass _es
surpassing	v	surpass _ing
surplices	n	surplice _s
surpluses	n	surplus _s
surprised	v	surprise _ed
surprises	n	surprise _s
surprises	v	surprise _es
surprisingly	a	surprise _ing _ly
surprisingly	r	surprise _ing _ly
surprisingly	v	surprise _ing _ly
surrealist	a	surrealism _ist
surrealist	n	surrealism _ist
surrealistic	a	surrealism _ist _ic
surrealists	n	surrealism _ist _s
surrendered	v	surrender _ed
surrendering	v	surrender _ing
surrenders	n	surrender _s
surrenders	v	surrender _es
surreptitiously	n	surreptitious _ly
surreptitiously	r	surreptitious _ly
surrogates	n	surrogate _s
surrounded	v	surround _ed
surrounding	v	surround _ing
surroundings	v	surround _es
surrounds	n	surround _s
surrounds	v	surround _es
surtaxes	n	surtax _s
surtitles	n	surtitle _s
surveyed	v	survey _ed
surveying	v	survey _ing
surveyors	n	surveyor _s
surveys	n	survey _s
surveys	v	survey _es
survivalists	n	survivalist _s
survivals	n	survival _s
survived	v	survive _ed
survives	v	survive _es
survivors	n	survivor _s
susceptibility	n	susceptible _ity
suspected	v	suspect _ed
suspecting	v	suspect _ing
suspects	n	suspect _s
suspects	v	suspect _es
suspended	v	suspend _ed
suspender	n	suspend _er
suspenders	n	suspend _er _s
suspending	v	suspend _ing
suspends	v	suspend _es
suspensions	n	suspension _s
suspicions	n	suspicion _s
suspicious	a	suspect _ion _ous
suspicious	n	suspect _ion _ous
suspicious	v	suspect _ion _ous
suspiciously	n	suspect _ion _ous _ly
suspiciously	r	suspect _ion _ous _ly
suss	n	sus _s
sustained	v	sustain _ed
sustaining	v	sustain _ing
sustains	v	sustain _es
sutlers	n	sutler _s
sutured	v	suture _ed
sutures	n	suture _s
svelter	a	svelte _r
sveltest	a	svelte _st
swabbed	v	swab _ed
swabbing	v	swab _ing
swabs	n	swab _s
swabs	v	swab _es
swaddled	v	swaddle _ed
swaddles	v	swaddle _es
swagged	v	swag _ed
swaggered	v	swagger _ed
swaggering	v	swagger _ing
swaggers	n	swagger _s
swaggers	v	swagger _es
swagging	v	swag _ing
swags	n	swag _s
swains	n	swain _s
swallowed	v	swallow _ed
swallowing	v	swallow _ing
swallows	n	swallow _s
swallows	v	swallow _es
swallowtails	n	swallowtail _s
swamis	n	swami _s
swamped	v	swamp _ed
swamping	v	swamp _ing
swamps	n	swamp _s
swamps	v	swamp _es
swampy	a	swamp _y
swampy	n	swamp _y
swanked	v	swank _ed
swankest	a	swank _est
swanking	v	swank _ing
swanks	n	swank _s
swanky	a	swank _y
swanky	n	swank _y
swans	n	swan _s
swans	v	swan _es
swapped	v	swap _ed
swapping	v	swap _ing
swaps	n	swap _s
swaps	v	swap _es
swards	n	sward _s
swarmed	v	swarm _ed
swarming	v	swarm _ing
swarms	n	swarm _s
swarms	v	swarm _es
swashbucklers	n	swashbuckler _s
swashed	v	swash _ed
swashing	v	swash _ing
swastikas	n	swastika _s
swatches	n	swatch _s
swathed	v	swathe _ed
swathes	n	swathe _s
swathes	v	swathe _es
swaths	n	swath _s
swats	n	swat _s
swats	v	swat _es
swatted	v	swat _ed
swatter	n	swat _er
swatters	n	swat _er _s
swatting	v	swat _ing
swayed	v	sway _ed
swaying	v	sway _ing
sways	n	sway _s
sways	v	sway _es
swearers	n	swear _er _s
swearing	v	swear _ing
swears	v	swear _es
swearwords	n	swearword _s
sweatbands	n	sweatband _s
sweated	v	sweat _ed
sweater	a	sweat _er
sweater	n	sweat _er
sweater	r	sweat _er
sweater	v	sweat _er
sweaters	n	sweat _er _s
sweating	v	sweat _ing
sweats	n	sweat _s
sweats	v	sweat _es
sweatshirts	n	sweatshirt _s
sweatshops	n	sweatshop _s
sweatsuits	n	sweatsuit _s
sweaty	a	sweat _y
sweaty	n	sweat _y
sweaty	r	sweat _y
swedes	n	swede _s
sweeper	a	sweep _er
sweeper	n	sweep _er
sweepers	n	sweep _er _s
sweeping	v	sweep _ing
sweepingly	r	sweep _ing _ly
sweepings	n	sweeping _s
sweeps	n	sweep _s
sweeps	v	sweep _es
sweetbreads	n	sweetbread _s
sweetened	v	sweeten _ed
sweetener	a	sweeten _er
sweetener	n	sweeten _er
sweeteners	n	sweeten _er _s
sweetening	v	sweeten _ing
sweetens	v	sweeten _es
sweeter	a	sweet _er
sweetest	a	sweet _est
sweethearts	n	sweetheart _s
sweeties	n	sweetie _s
sweetly	a	sweet _ly
sweetly	r	sweet _ly
sweetmeats	n	sweetmeat _s
sweetness	a	sweet _ness
sweetness	n	sweet _ness
sweets	n	sweet _s
swelled	v	swell _ed
swellest	a	swell _est
swelling	v	swell _ing
swellings	n	swelling _s
swells	n	swell _s
swells	v	swell _es
sweltered	v	swelter _ed
sweltering	v	swelter _ing
swerved	v	swerve _ed
swerves	n	swerve _s
swerves	v	swerve _es
swifter	a	swift _er
swiftest	a	swift _est
swiftly	r	swift _ly
swiftly	v	swift _ly
swiftness	n	swift _ness
swifts	n	swift _s
swigged	v	swig _ed
swigging	v	swig _ing
swigs	n	swig _s
swigs	v	swig _es
swilled	v	swill _ed
swilling	v	swill _ing
swills	n	swill _s
swills	v	swill _es
swimmer	a	swim _er
swimmer	n	swim _er
swimmer	v	swim _er
swimmers	n	swim _er _s
swimming	v	swim _ing
swims	n	swim _s
swims	v	swim _es
swimsuits	n	swimsuit _s
swindled	v	swindle _ed
swindler	n	swindle _er
swindlers	n	swindle _er _s
swindles	n	swindle _s
swindles	v	swindle _es
swineherds	n	swineherd _s
swines	n	swine _s
swingeing	v	swinge _ing
swinger	n	swing _er
swinger	v	swing _er
swingers	n	swing _er _s
swinging	v	swing _ing
swings	n	swing _s
swiped	v	swipe _ed
swipes	n	swipe _s
swipes	v	swipe _es
swirled	v	swirl _ed
swirling	v	swirl _ing
swirls	n	swirl _s
swirls	v	swirl _es
swished	v	swish _ed
swishes	n	swish _s
swishes	v	swish _es
swishest	a	swish _est
swishing	v	swish _ing
switchable	a	switch _able
switchblades	n	switchblade _s
switchboards	n	switchboard _s
switched	v	switch _ed
switchers	n	switcher _s
switches	n	switch _s
switches	v	switch _es
switching	v	switch _ing
swivelled	v	swivel _ed
swivelling	v	swivel _ing
swivels	n	swivel _s
swivels	v	swivel _es
swizzles	n	swizzle _s
swooned	v	swoon _ed
swooning	v	swoon _ing
swoons	n	swoon _s
swoons	v	swoon _es
swooped	v	swoop _ed
swooping	v	swoop _ing
swoops	n	swoop _s
swoops	v	swoop _es
swooshed	v	swoosh _ed
swooshes	n	swoosh _s
swooshes	v	swoosh _es
swooshing	v	swoosh _ing
swordfishes	n	swordfish _s
swords	n	sword _s
swots	n	swot _s
swots	v	swot _es
swotted	v	swot _ed
swotting	v	swot _ing
sybarites	n	sybarite _s
sybaritic	a	sybarite _ic
sycamores	n	sycamore _s
sycophantic	a	sycophant _ic
sycophants	n	sycophant _s
syllabic	a	syllable _ic
syllabic	n	syllable _ic
syllables	n	syllable _s
syllabubs	n	syllabub _s
syllabuses	n	syllabus _s
syllogisms	n	syllogism _s
syllogistic	a	syllogize _ism _ic
sylphs	n	sylph _s
symbolic	a	symbol _ic
symbolic	n	symbol _ic
symbolic	v	symbol _ic
symbolize	n	symbol _ize
symbolize	v	symbol _ize
symbolized	v	symbol _ize _ed
symbolizes	v	symbol _ize _es
symbols	n	symbol _s
symmetric	a	symmetry _ic
symmetric	n	symmetry _ic
symmetric	v	symmetry _ic
symmetrically	r	symmetry _ic _al _ly
sympathize	n	sympathy _ize
sympathize	v	sympathy _ize
sympathized	v	sympathy _ize _ed
sympathizer	a	sympathy _ize _er
sympathizer	n	sympathy _ize _er
sympathizers	n	sympathy _ize _er _s
sympathizes	v	sympathy _ize _es
symphonic	a	symphony _ic
symphonic	n	symphony _ic
symposiums	n	symposium _s
symptoms	n	symptom _s
synagogues	n	synagogue _s
synced	v	sync _ed
synchronizations	n	synchronization _s
synchronized	v	synchronize _ed
synchronizes	v	synchronize _es
syncing	v	sync _ing
syncopated	v	syncopate _ed
syncopation	n	syncope _ate _ion
syncs	v	sync _es
syndicalist	a	syndic _al _ism _ist
syndicalist	n	syndic _al _ism _ist
syndicated	v	syndicate _ed
syndicates	n	syndicate _s
syndicates	v	syndicate _es
syndication	n	syndicate _ion
syndromes	n	syndrome _s
synods	n	synod _s
synonymous	a	synonym _ous
synonyms	n	synonym _s
synoptic	a	synopsis _ic
synoptic	n	synopsis _ic
syntactic	a	syntax _ic
synthesize	n	synthesis _ize
synthesize	v	synthesis _ize
synthesized	v	synthesis _ize _ed
synthesizer	n	synthesis _ize _er
synthesizers	n	synthesis _ize _er _s
synthesizes	v	synthesis _ize _es
synthetic	a	synthesis _ic
synthetic	n	synthesis _ic
synthetics	n	synthesis _ic _s
syphilitic	a	syphilis _ic
syphilitics	n	syphilis _ic _s
syringed	v	syringe _ed
syringes	v	syringe _es
syrups	n	syrup _s
syrupy	a	syrup _y
syrupy	n	syrup _y
systematized	v	systematize _ed
systemic	a	system _ic
systemic	n	system _ic
systemic	v	system _ic
systems	n	system _s
systoles	n	systole _s
tabernacles	n	tabernacle _s
tableaux	n	tableau _x
tablecloths	n	tablecloth _s
tabled	v	table _ed
tablelands	n	tableland _s
tables	n	table _s
tables	v	table _es
tablespoonfuls	n	tablespoonful _s
tablespoons	n	tablespoon _s
tabletops	n	tabletop _s
tablets	n	tablet _s
tabloids	n	tabloid _s
tabooed	v	taboo _ed
taboos	n	taboo _s
taboos	v	taboo _es
tabs	n	tab _s
tabulated	v	tabulate _ed
tabulates	v	tabulate _es
tabulations	n	tabulation _s
tabulators	n	tabulator _s
tachographs	n	tachograph _s
tachometers	n	tachometer _s
tacitly	r	tacit _ly
taciturnity	n	taciturn _ity
tacked	v	tack _ed
tackers	n	tacker _s
tackiness	n	tack _y _ness
tacking	v	tack _ing
tackled	v	tackle _ed
tacklers	n	tackler _s
tackles	n	tackle _s
tackles	v	tackle _es
tacks	n	tack _s
tacks	v	tack _es
tacky	a	tack _y
tacky	n	tack _y
tacos	n	taco _s
tactful	a	tact _ful
tactful	n	tact _ful
tactful	v	tact _ful
tactfully	r	tact _ful _ly
tactical	a	tactic _al
tactical	n	tactic _al
tactically	r	tactic _al _ly
tacticians	n	tactician _s
tactics	n	tactic _s
tactless	a	tact _less
tactless	n	tact _less
tactless	r	tact _less
tactlessly	r	tact _less _ly
tactlessness	n	tact _less _ness
tactlessness	v	tact _less _ness
tadpoles	n	tadpole _s
tads	n	tad _s
tagged	v	tag _ed
taggers	n	tagger _s
tagging	v	tag _ing
tags	n	tag _s
tags	v	tag _es
tailbacks	n	tailback _s
tailboards	n	tailboard _s
tailcoats	n	tailcoat _s
tailed	v	tail _ed
tailgated	v	tailgate _ed
tailgaters	n	tailgater _s
tailgates	n	tailgate _s
tailgates	v	tailgate _es
tailing	v	tail _ing
tailless	a	tail _less
tailless	n	tail _less
taillights	n	taillight _s
tailored	v	tailor _ed
tailoring	v	tailor _ing
tailors	n	tailor _s
tailors	v	tailor _es
tailpieces	n	tailpiece _s
tailpipes	n	tailpipe _s
tails	n	tail _s
tails	v	tail _es
tailspins	n	tailspin _s
tailwinds	n	tailwind _s
tainted	v	taint _ed
tainting	v	taint _ing
taints	n	taint _s
taints	v	taint _es
takeaways	n	takeaway _s
taken	v	take _n
takeoffs	n	takeoff _s
takeouts	n	takeout _s
takeovers	n	takeover _s
taker	n	take _er
takers	n	take _er _s
takes	n	take _s
takes	v	take _es
takings	n	taking _s
talents	n	talent _s
tales	n	tale _s
talismans	n	talisman _s
talked	v	talk _ed
talker	n	talk _er
talkers	n	talk _er _s
talkies	n	talkie _s
talking	v	talk _ing
talks	n	talk _s
talks	v	talk _es
tallboys	n	tallboy _s
taller	a	tall _er
tallest	a	tall _est
tallying	v	tally _ing
talons	n	talon _s
tamales	n	tamale _s
tamarinds	n	tamarind _s
tambourines	n	tambourine _s
tamed	v	tame _ed
tamely	r	tame _ly
tameness	n	tame _ness
tameness	r	tame _ness
tamer	a	tame _er
tamer	n	tame _er
tamers	n	tame _er _s
tames	v	tame _es
tamest	a	tame _st
tamped	v	tamp _ed
tampered	v	tamper _ed
tampering	v	tamper _ing
tampers	n	tamper _s
tampers	v	tamper _es
tamping	v	tamp _ing
tampons	n	tampon _s
tamps	n	tamp _s
tamps	v	tamp _es
tams	n	tam _s
tanagers	n	tanager _s
tandems	n	tandem _s
tangelos	n	tangelo _s
tangentially	r	tangent _al _ly
tangents	n	tangent _s
tangerines	n	tangerine _s
tangibility	n	tangible _ity
tangibly	r	tangible _ly
tangled	v	tangle _ed
tangles	n	tangle _s
tangles	v	tangle _es
tangoed	v	tango _ed
tangoing	v	tango _ing
tangos	n	tango _s
tangs	n	tang _s
tangy	a	tang _y
tangy	n	tang _y
tangy	o	tang _y
tankards	n	tankard _s
tanked	v	tank _ed
tanker	n	tank _er
tankers	n	tank _er _s
tankfuls	n	tankful _s
tanking	v	tank _ing
tanks	n	tank _s
tanks	v	tank _es
tanned	v	tan _ed
tanner	n	tan _er
tanner	r	tan _er
tanner	v	tan _er
tanners	n	tan _er _s
tannest	a	tan _est
tanning	v	tan _ing
tans	n	tan _s
tans	v	tan _es
tantalized	v	tantalize _ed
tantalizes	v	tantalize _es
tantrums	n	tantrum _s
tapas	n	tapa _s
taped	v	tap _ed
tapered	v	taper _ed
tapering	v	taper _ing
tapers	n	taper _s
tapers	v	taper _es
tapes	n	tape _s
tapes	v	tap _es
tapeworms	n	tapeworm _s
taping	v	tap _ing
tapirs	n	tapir _s
tapped	v	tap _ed
tappers	n	tapper _s
tappets	n	tappet _s
tapping	v	tap _ing
taprooms	n	taproom _s
taproots	n	taproot _s
taps	n	tap _s
taps	v	tap _es
tarantulas	n	tarantula _s
tardily	r	tardy _ly
tardiness	a	tardy _ness
tardiness	n	tardy _ness
tares	n	tare _s
targeted	v	target _ed
targeting	v	target _ing
targets	n	target _s
targets	v	target _es
tariffs	n	tariff _s
tariffs	v	tariff _es
taring	v	tar _ing
tarmacs	n	tarmac _s
tarnished	v	tarnish _ed
tarnishes	n	tarnish _s
tarnishes	v	tarnish _es
tarnishing	v	tarnish _ing
tarns	n	tarn _s
taros	n	taro _s
tarpaulins	n	tarpaulin _s
tarpons	n	tarpon _s
tarps	n	tarp _s
tarred	v	tar _ed
tarring	v	tar _ing
tarrying	v	tarry _ing
tars	n	tar _s
tars	v	tar _es
tarsal	n	tarsus _al
tartans	n	tartan _s
tartars	n	tartar _s
tarter	a	tart _er
tartest	a	tart _est
tartly	r	tart _ly
tartness	n	tart _ness
tarts	n	tart _s
tasked	v	task _ed
tasking	v	task _ing
taskmasters	n	taskmaster _s
tasks	n	task _s
tasks	v	task _es
tassels	n	tassel _s
tasted	v	taste _ed
tastefully	r	taste _ful _ly
tasteless	a	taste _less
tasteless	n	taste _less
tasteless	o	taste _less
tastelessness	n	taste _less _ness
taster	n	taste _er
tasters	n	taste _er _s
tastes	n	taste _s
tastes	v	taste _es
tastings	n	tasting _s
tasty	a	taste _y
tasty	n	taste _y
taters	n	tater _s
tats	n	tat _s
tats	v	tat _es
tatted	v	tat _ed
tatter	v	tat _er
tatters	n	tat _er _s
tatting	v	tat _ing
tattled	v	tattle _ed
tattles	n	tattle _s
tattles	v	tattle _es
tattletales	n	tattletale _s
tattooed	v	tattoo _ed
tattooing	v	tattoo _ing
tattoos	n	tattoo _s
tattoos	v	tattoo _es
tatty	a	tat _y
tatty	n	tat _y
tatty	r	tat _y
tatty	v	tat _y
taunted	v	taunt _ed
taunting	v	taunt _ing
taunts	n	taunt _s
taunts	v	taunt _es
taus	n	tau _s
tautened	v	tauten _ed
tautening	v	tauten _ing
tauter	a	taut _er
tautest	a	taut _est
tautly	r	taut _ly
tautness	n	taut _ness
taverns	n	tavern _s
taxable	a	tax _able
taxable	n	tax _able
taxable	v	tax _able
taxed	v	tax _ed
taxers	n	taxer _s
taxes	n	tax _s
taxes	v	tax _es
taxicabs	n	taxicab _s
taxidermist	n	taxidermy _ist
taxidermist	v	taxidermy _ist
taxidermists	n	taxidermy _ist _s
taxied	v	taxi _ed
taxiing	v	taxi _ing
taxing	v	tax _ing
taxis	n	taxi _s
taxiways	n	taxiway _s
taxonomists	n	taxonomist _s
taxpayers	n	taxpayer _s
tbs	n	tb _s
teacakes	n	teacake _s
teachable	a	teach _able
teacher	a	teach _er
teacher	n	teach _er
teacher	o	teach _er
teacher	r	teach _er
teacher	v	teach _er
teachers	n	teach _er _s
teaches	n	teach _s
teaches	v	teach _es
teaching	v	teach _ing
teachings	n	teaching _s
teachings	v	teach _es
teacups	n	teacup _s
teakettles	n	teakettle _s
teals	n	teal _s
teamed	v	team _ed
teaming	v	team _ing
teammates	n	teammate _s
teams	n	team _s
teams	v	team _es
teamsters	n	teamster _s
teapots	n	teapot _s
tearaways	n	tearaway _s
teardrops	n	teardrop _s
teared	v	tear _ed
tearful	a	tear _ful
tearful	n	tear _ful
tearful	v	tear _ful
tearfully	r	tear _ful _ly
teargassed	v	teargas _ed
teargassing	v	teargas _ing
tearing	v	tear _ing
tearjerkers	n	tearjerker _s
tearooms	n	tearoom _s
tears	n	tear _s
tears	v	tear _es
teas	n	tea _s
teased	v	tease _ed
teasels	n	teasel _s
teaser	n	tease _er
teaser	r	tease _er
teaser	v	tease _er
teasers	n	tease _er _s
teases	n	tease _s
teases	v	tease _es
teaspoonfuls	n	teaspoonful _s
teaspoons	n	teaspoon _s
teatimes	n	teatime _s
teats	n	teat _s
techies	n	techie _s
technicality	n	technic _al _ity
technically	r	technic _al _ly
technically	v	technic _al _ly
technicians	n	technician _s
techniques	n	technique _s
technocrats	n	technocrat _s
technologically	r	technology _ical _ly
technologist	n	technology _ist
technologists	n	technology _ist _s
technophobes	n	technophobe _s
techs	n	tech _s
tedious	a	tedium _ous
tediously	r	tedium _ous _ly
tediousness	n	tedium _ous _ness
teds	n	ted _s
teed	v	tee _ed
teeing	v	tee _ing
teemed	v	teem _ed
teeming	v	teem _ing
teems	v	teem _es
teenagers	n	teenager _s
teens	n	teen _s
tees	n	tee _s
tees	v	tee _es
teetered	v	teeter _ed
teetering	v	teeter _ing
teeters	n	teeter _s
teeters	v	teeter _es
teethed	v	teethe _ed
teetotallers	n	teetotaller _s
tektites	n	tektite _s
telecasters	n	telecaster _s
telecasting	v	telecast _ing
telecasts	n	telecast _s
telecasts	v	telecast _es
telecommunications	n	telecommunication _s
teleconferences	n	teleconference _s
telegrams	n	telegram _s
telegraphed	v	telegraph _ed
telegraphic	a	telegraph _ic
telegraphing	v	telegraph _ing
telegraphist	n	telegraph _ist
telegraphists	n	telegraph _ist _s
telegraphs	n	telegraph _s
telegraphs	v	telegraph _es
telepathic	a	telepathy _ic
telepathic	v	telepathy _ic
telephoned	v	telephone _ed
telephones	n	telephone _s
telephones	v	telephone _es
telephonists	n	telephonist _s
telephotos	n	telephoto _s
teleprinters	n	teleprinter _s
teleprompters	n	teleprompter _s
telescoped	v	telescope _ed
telescopes	n	telescope _s
telescopes	v	telescope _es
telescopic	a	telescope _ic
telescopic	n	telescope _ic
telescopic	v	telescope _ic
televangelists	n	televangelist _s
televised	v	televise _ed
televises	v	televise _es
televisions	n	television _s
telexed	v	telex _ed
telexes	n	telex _s
telexes	v	telex _es
telexing	v	telex _ing
teller	n	tell _er
teller	v	tell _er
tellers	n	tell _er _s
telling	v	tell _ing
tellingly	n	tell _ing _ly
tellingly	r	tell _ing _ly
tellingly	v	tell _ing _ly
tells	n	tell _s
tells	v	tell _es
telltales	n	telltale _s
temblors	n	temblor _s
temperamental	a	temperament _al
temperamental	n	temperament _al
temperamentally	r	temperament _al _ly
temperaments	n	temperament _s
temperately	r	temperate _ly
temperatures	n	temperature _s
tempered	v	temper _ed
tempering	v	temper _ing
tempers	n	temper _s
tempers	v	temper _es
tempests	n	tempest _s
tempestuous	a	tempest _ous
templates	n	template _s
temples	n	temple _s
temporarily	r	temporary _ly
temporized	v	temporize _ed
temporizers	n	temporizer _s
tempos	n	tempo _s
temps	n	temp _s
temptations	n	temptation _s
tempted	v	tempt _ed
tempter	n	tempt _er
tempters	n	tempt _er _s
tempting	v	tempt _ing
temptingly	r	tempt _ing _ly
temptresses	n	temptress _s
tempts	v	tempt _es
tenaciously	r	tenacity _ous _ly
tenacity	n	tenacious _ity
tenanted	v	tenant _ed
tenants	n	tenant _s
tenants	v	tenant _es
tended	v	tend _ed
tendentious	a	tendency _ous
tender	a	tend _er
tender	n	tend _er
tender	r	tend _er
tender	v	tend _er
tendered	v	tend _er _ed
tenderest	a	tend _er _est
tendering	v	tend _er _ing
tenderized	v	tenderize _ed
tenderizes	v	tenderize _es
tenderloins	n	tenderloin _s
tenderly	a	tend _er _ly
tenderly	n	tend _er _ly
tenderly	r	tend _er _ly
tenderness	a	tend _er _ness
tenderness	n	tend _er _ness
tenderness	r	tend _er _ness
tenderness	v	tend _er _ness
tenders	n	tend _er _s
tenders	v	tend _er _es
tending	v	tend _ing
tendons	n	tendon _s
tendrils	n	tendril _s
tends	v	tend _es
tenements	n	tenement _s
tenets	n	tenet _s
tenners	n	tenner _s
tenons	n	tenon _s
tenors	n	tenor _s
tenpins	n	tenpin _s
tens	n	ten _s
tensed	v	tense _ed
tensely	a	tense _ly
tensely	r	tense _ly
tenseness	n	tense _ness
tenseness	v	tense _ness
tenser	a	tense _r
tenses	n	tense _s
tenses	v	tense _es
tensest	a	tense _st
tensions	n	tension _s
tensors	n	tensor _s
tentacles	n	tentacle _s
tentatively	r	tend _ative _ly
tentativeness	a	tentative _ness
tentativeness	n	tentative _ness
tented	v	tent _ed
tenterhooks	n	tenterhook _s
tenths	n	tenth _s
tenting	v	tent _ing
tents	n	tent _s
tents	v	tent _es
tenuously	r	tenuous _ly
tenured	v	tenure _ed
tenures	n	tenure _s
tenures	v	tenure _es
tepees	n	tepee _s
tequilas	n	tequila _s
terabits	n	terabit _s
terabytes	n	terabyte _s
termagants	n	termagant _s
termed	v	term _ed
terminal	a	terminus _al
terminal	n	terminus _al
terminal	v	terminus _al
terminally	n	terminus _al _ly
terminally	r	terminus _al _ly
terminals	n	terminus _al _s
terminated	v	terminate _ed
terminates	v	terminate _es
termination	a	terminate _ion
termination	n	terminate _ion
terminations	n	terminate _ion _s
terminators	n	terminator _s
terming	v	term _ing
termites	n	termite _s
terms	n	term _s
terns	n	tern _s
terraced	v	terrace _ed
terraces	n	terrace _s
terraces	v	terrace _es
terrains	n	terrain _s
terrapins	n	terrapin _s
terrariums	n	terrarium _s
terribly	a	terrible _ly
terribly	n	terrible _ly
terribly	r	terrible _ly
terriers	n	terrier _s
terrifying	v	terrify _ing
terrines	n	terrine _s
territorial	a	territory _al
territorial	n	territory _al
territorials	n	territory _al _s
terrorists	n	terrorist _s
terrorize	v	terror _ize
terrorized	v	terror _ize _ed
terrorizes	v	terror _ize _es
terrors	n	terror _s
tersely	a	terse _ly
tersely	r	terse _ly
terseness	n	terse _ness
terser	a	terse _r
tersest	a	terse _st
tessellated	v	tessellate _ed
tessellations	n	tessellation _s
testaments	n	testament _s
testators	n	testator _s
tested	v	test _ed
tester	a	test _er
tester	n	test _er
tester	v	test _er
testers	n	test _er _s
testicles	n	testicle _s
testifiers	n	testifier _s
testifying	v	testify _ing
testily	r	testy _ly
testimonial	a	testimony _al
testimonial	n	testimony _al
testimonials	n	testimony _al _s
testing	v	test _ing
testings	n	testing _s
tests	n	test _s
tests	v	test _es
tethered	v	tether _ed
tethering	v	tether _ing
tethers	n	tether _s
tethers	v	tether _es
tetrahedrons	n	tetrahedron _s
tetrameters	n	tetrameter _s
tetras	n	tetra _s
textbooks	n	textbook _s
textiles	n	textile _s
texts	n	text _s
textures	n	texture _s
thanes	n	thane _s
thanked	v	thank _ed
thankful	a	thank _ful
thankful	n	thank _ful
thankful	v	thank _ful
thankfully	r	thank _ful _ly
thankfulness	n	thank _ful _ness
thanking	v	thank _ing
thankless	a	thank _less
thankless	n	thank _less
thanks	v	thank _es
thanksgivings	n	thanksgiving _s
thatched	v	thatch _ed
thatchers	n	thatcher _s
thatches	n	thatch _s
thatches	v	thatch _es
thatching	v	thatch _ing
thawed	v	thaw _ed
thawing	v	thaw _ing
thaws	n	thaw _s
thaws	v	thaw _es
theatregoers	n	theatregoer _s
theatres	n	theatre _s
theatrically	r	theatre _ic _al _ly
theatricals	n	theatrical _s
thefts	n	theft _s
theist	a	theism _ist
theist	n	theism _ist
theistic	a	theism _ist _ic
theists	n	theism _ist _s
themed	v	theme _ed
themes	n	theme _s
themes	v	theme _es
theodolites	n	theodolite _s
theologians	n	theologian _s
theologically	r	theology _ic _al _ly
theorems	n	theorem _s
theoretically	r	theory _cal _ly
theoreticians	n	theoretician _s
theorist	n	theory _ist
theorist	v	theory _ist
theorists	n	theory _ist _s
theorize	n	theory _ize
theorize	v	theory _ize
theorized	v	theory _ize _ed
theorizes	v	theory _ize _es
theosophists	n	theosophist _s
therapeutically	r	therapeutic _al _ly
therapeutics	n	therapeutic _s
therapists	n	therapist _s
theremins	n	theremin _s
thermal	a	therm _al
thermal	n	therm _al
thermal	v	therm _al
thermals	n	therm _al _s
thermometers	n	thermometer _s
thermoplastics	n	thermoplastic _s
thermoses	n	thermos _s
thermostatic	a	thermostat _ic
thermostats	n	thermostat _s
therms	n	therm _s
thesauruses	n	thesaurus _s
thespians	n	thespian _s
thetas	n	theta _s
thickened	v	thicken _ed
thickener	n	thick _en _er
thickeners	n	thick _en _er _s
thickening	v	thicken _ing
thickenings	n	thickening _s
thickens	v	thicken _es
thicker	a	thick _er
thickest	a	thick _est
thickets	n	thicket _s
thickly	a	thick _ly
thickly	n	thick _ly
thickly	r	thick _ly
thickly	v	thick _ly
thickness	a	thick _ness
thickness	n	thick _ness
thickness	v	thick _ness
thicknesses	n	thick _ness _s
thieved	v	thieve _ed
thieves	v	thieve _es
thighbones	n	thighbone _s
thighs	n	thigh _s
thimblefuls	n	thimbleful _s
thimbles	n	thimble _s
thingamabobs	n	thingamabob _s
thingamajigs	n	thingamajig _s
things	n	thing _s
thinkable	a	think _able
thinker	n	think _er
thinkers	n	think _er _s
thinking	v	think _ing
thinks	n	think _s
thinks	v	think _es
thinly	a	thin _ly
thinly	n	thin _ly
thinly	r	thin _ly
thinned	v	thin _ed
thinner	a	thin _er
thinner	n	thin _er
thinner	r	thin _er
thinner	v	thin _er
thinners	n	thin _er _s
thinness	a	thin _ness
thinness	n	thin _ness
thinnest	a	thin _est
thinning	v	thin _ing
thins	v	thin _es
thirdly	r	third _ly
thirds	n	third _s
thirsted	v	thirst _ed
thirsting	v	thirst _ing
thirsts	n	thirst _s
thirsts	v	thirst _es
thirsty	a	thirst _y
thirsty	n	thirst _y
thirsty	o	thirst _y
thirsty	v	thirst _y
thistles	n	thistle _s
tholes	n	thole _s
thongs	n	thong _s
thoraxes	n	thorax _s
thorns	n	thorn _s
thorny	a	thorn _y
thorny	n	thorn _y
thorny	v	thorn _y
thoroughbreds	n	thoroughbred _s
thoroughfares	n	thoroughfare _s
thoroughly	a	thorough _ly
thoroughly	n	thorough _ly
thoroughly	r	thorough _ly
thoroughly	v	thorough _ly
thoroughness	n	thorough _ness
thoughtful	a	thought _ful
thoughtful	n	thought _ful
thoughtfully	n	thought _ful _ly
thoughtfully	r	thought _ful _ly
thoughtfulness	n	thought _ful _ness
thoughtless	a	thought _less
thoughtless	n	thought _less
thoughtlessly	r	thought _less _ly
thoughtlessness	n	thought _less _ness
thoughts	n	thought _s
thousands	n	thousand _s
thousandths	n	thousandth _s
thralls	n	thrall _s
thrashed	v	thrash _ed
thrashers	n	thrasher _s
thrashes	n	thrash _s
thrashes	v	thrash _es
thrashing	v	thrash _ing
thrashings	n	thrashing _s
threaded	v	thread _ed
threaders	n	threader _s
threading	v	thread _ing
threads	n	thread _s
threads	v	thread _es
threatened	v	threaten _ed
threatening	v	threaten _ing
threateningly	n	threat _en _ing _ly
threateningly	r	threat _en _ing _ly
threatens	v	threaten _es
threats	n	threat _s
threes	n	three _s
threesomes	n	threesome _s
threshed	v	thresh _ed
thresher	a	thresh _er
thresher	n	thresh _er
thresher	r	thresh _er
thresher	v	thresh _er
threshers	n	thresh _er _s
threshes	v	thresh _es
threshing	v	thresh _ing
thresholds	n	threshold _s
thriftiness	n	thrift _y _ness
thrifts	n	thrift _s
thrifty	a	thrift _y
thrifty	n	thrift _y
thrifty	v	thrift _y
thrilled	v	thrill _ed
thriller	n	thrill _er
thriller	o	thrill _er
thriller	v	thrill _er
thrillers	n	thrill _er _s
thrilling	v	thrill _ing
thrillingly	r	thrill _ing _ly
thrills	n	thrill _s
thrills	v	thrill _es
thrived	v	thrive _ed
thrives	v	thrive _es
throats	n	throat _s
throaty	a	throat _y
throaty	n	throat _y
throbbed	v	throb _ed
throbbing	v	throb _ing
throbs	n	throb _s
throbs	v	throb _es
throes	n	throe _s
thrones	n	throne _s
thrones	v	throne _es
thronged	v	throng _ed
thronging	v	throng _ing
throngs	n	throng _s
throngs	v	throng _es
throttled	v	throttle _ed
throttlers	n	throttler _s
throttles	n	throttle _s
throttles	v	throttle _es
throughways	n	throughway _s
throwaways	n	throwaway _s
throwbacks	n	throwback _s
thrower	a	throw _er
thrower	n	throw _er
throwers	n	throw _er _s
throwing	v	throw _ing
thrown	v	throw _n
throws	n	throw _s
throws	v	throw _es
thrummed	v	thrum _ed
thrumming	v	thrum _ing
thrums	n	thrum _s
thrums	v	thrum _es
thrushes	n	thrush _s
thrusting	v	thrust _ing
thrusts	n	thrust _s
thrusts	v	thrust _es
thudded	v	thud _ed
thudding	v	thud _ing
thuds	n	thud _s
thuds	v	thud _es
thugs	n	thug _s
thumbed	v	thumb _ed
thumbing	v	thumb _ing
thumbnails	n	thumbnail _s
thumbprints	n	thumbprint _s
thumbs	n	thumb _s
thumbs	v	thumb _es
thumbscrews	n	thumbscrew _s
thumbtacks	n	thumbtack _s
thumped	v	thump _ed
thumping	v	thump _ing
thumps	n	thump _s
thumps	v	thump _es
thunderbolts	n	thunderbolt _s
thunderclaps	n	thunderclap _s
thunderclouds	n	thundercloud _s
thundered	v	thunder _ed
thunderer	n	thunder _er
thunderheads	n	thunderhead _s
thundering	v	thunder _ing
thunderous	a	thunder _ous
thunderously	r	thunder _ous _ly
thunders	n	thunder _s
thunders	v	thunder _es
thundershowers	n	thundershower _s
thunderstorms	n	thunderstorm _s
thundery	a	thunder _y
thundery	n	thunder _y
thundery	r	thunder _y
thunks	n	thunk _s
thwacked	v	thwack _ed
thwacking	v	thwack _ing
thwacks	n	thwack _s
thwacks	v	thwack _es
thwarted	v	thwart _ed
thwarting	v	thwart _ing
thwarts	n	thwart _s
thwarts	v	thwart _es
thymuses	n	thymus _s
thyroids	n	thyroid _s
tiaras	n	tiara _s
tibiae	n	tibia _e
ticked	v	tick _ed
ticker	n	tick _er
tickers	n	tick _er _s
ticketed	v	ticket _ed
ticketing	v	ticket _ing
tickets	n	ticket _s
tickets	v	ticket _es
ticking	v	tick _ing
tickled	v	tickle _ed
tickler	n	tickle _er
ticklers	n	tickle _er _s
tickles	n	tickle _s
tickles	v	tickle _es
ticks	n	tick _s
ticks	v	tick _es
tics	n	tic _s
tidal	a	tide _al
tidal	n	tide _al
tidal	o	tide _al
tidal	v	tide _al
tidbits	n	tidbit _s
tiddlers	n	tiddler _s
tided	v	tide _ed
tidelands	n	tideland _s
tidemarks	n	tidemark _s
tides	n	tide _s
tides	v	tide _es
tideways	n	tideway _s
tidily	n	tidy _ly
tidily	r	tidy _ly
tidiness	n	tidy _ness
tidiness	v	tidy _ness
tidying	v	tidy _ing
tiebacks	n	tieback _s
tiebreakers	n	tiebreaker _s
tied	v	tie _ed
tiers	n	tier _s
ties	n	tie _s
ties	v	tie _es
tiffs	n	tiff _s
tigers	n	tiger _s
tightened	v	tighten _ed
tightening	v	tighten _ing
tightens	v	tighten _es
tighter	a	tight _er
tightest	a	tight _est
tightly	n	tight _ly
tightly	r	tight _ly
tightness	n	tight _ness
tightropes	n	tightrope _s
tigresses	n	tigress _s
tildes	n	tilde _s
tiled	v	tile _ed
tiler	n	tile _er
tilers	n	tile _er _s
tiles	n	tile _s
tiles	v	tile _es
tilled	v	till _ed
tiller	a	till _er
tiller	n	till _er
tiller	v	till _er
tillers	n	till _er _s
tilling	v	till _ing
tills	n	till _s
tills	v	till _es
tilted	v	tilt _ed
tilting	v	tilt _ing
tilts	n	tilt _s
tilts	v	tilt _es
timbers	n	timber _s
timbres	n	timbre _s
timed	v	time _ed
timekeepers	n	timekeeper _s
timeless	a	time _less
timeless	n	time _less
timeless	r	time _less
timelessly	r	time _less _ly
timelessness	n	time _less _ness
timelessness	v	time _less _ness
timelines	n	timeline _s
timeliness	n	time _ly _ness
timeliness	v	time _ly _ness
timepieces	n	timepiece _s
timer	a	time _er
timer	n	time _er
timer	v	time _er
timers	n	time _er _s
times	n	time _s
times	v	time _es
timeservers	n	timeserver _s
timetables	n	timetable _s
timidity	n	timid _ity
timidly	r	timid _ly
timings	n	timing _s
timpanists	n	timpanist _s
tinctured	v	tincture _ed
tinctures	n	tincture _s
tinctures	v	tincture _es
tinderboxes	n	tinderbox _s
tines	n	tine _s
tinged	v	ting _ed
tingeing	v	tinge _ing
tinges	n	tinge _s
tinges	v	ting _es
tinging	v	ting _ing
tingled	v	tingle _ed
tingles	n	tingle _s
tingles	v	tingle _es
tings	n	ting _s
tinkered	v	tinker _ed
tinkerers	n	tinkerer _s
tinkering	v	tinker _ing
tinkers	n	tinker _s
tinkers	v	tinker _es
tinkled	v	tinkle _ed
tinkles	n	tinkle _s
tinkles	v	tinkle _es
tinned	v	tin _ed
tinning	v	tin _ing
tinny	a	tin _y
tinny	n	tin _y
tinny	v	tin _y
tins	n	tin _s
tins	v	tin _es
tinselled	v	tinsel _ed
tinsels	n	tinsel _s
tinted	v	tint _ed
tinting	v	tint _ing
tintinnabulations	n	tintinnabulation _s
tints	n	tint _s
tints	v	tint _es
tipped	v	tip _ed
tipper	a	tip _er
tipper	n	tip _er
tippers	n	tip _er _s
tippets	n	tippet _s
tipping	v	tip _ing
tippled	v	tipple _ed
tippler	n	tipple _er
tipplers	n	tipple _er _s
tipples	n	tipple _s
tipples	v	tipple _es
tips	n	tip _s
tips	v	tip _es
tipsters	n	tipster _s
tiptoed	v	tiptoe _ed
tiptoeing	v	tiptoe _ing
tiptoes	n	tiptoe _s
tiptoes	v	tiptoe _es
tirades	n	tirade _s
tiramisus	n	tiramisu _s
tired	v	tire _ed
tiredly	r	tired _ly
tiredness	a	tired _ness
tiredness	n	tired _ness
tiredness	v	tired _ness
tireless	a	tire _less
tireless	n	tire _less
tireless	r	tire _less
tirelessly	r	tire _less _ly
tires	n	tire _s
tires	v	tire _es
tiresomely	r	tiresome _ly
tissues	n	tissue _s
tissues	v	tissue _es
titanic	a	titan _ic
titanic	n	titan _ic
titanic	v	titan _ic
titans	n	titan _s
tithed	v	tithe _ed
tithes	n	tithe _s
titillated	v	titillate _ed
titillates	v	titillate _es
titillation	n	titillate _ion
titivated	v	titivate _ed
titled	v	title _ed
titles	n	title _s
titles	v	title _es
tits	n	tit _s
tittered	v	titter _ed
tittering	v	titter _ing
titters	n	titter _s
titters	v	titter _es
toads	n	toad _s
toadstools	n	toadstool _s
toadying	v	toady _ing
toasted	v	toast _ed
toaster	n	toast _er
toasters	n	toast _er _s
toasting	v	toast _ing
toastmasters	n	toastmaster _s
toasts	n	toast _s
toasts	v	toast _es
tobacconists	n	tobacconist _s
tobaccos	n	tobacco _s
tobogganed	v	toboggan _ed
tobogganing	v	toboggan _ing
toboggans	n	toboggan _s
toccatas	n	toccata _s
toddled	v	toddle _ed
toddler	a	toddle _er
toddler	n	toddle _er
toddler	v	toddle _er
toddlers	n	toddle _er _s
toddles	v	toddle _es
toecaps	n	toecap _s
toed	v	toe _ed
toeholds	n	toehold _s
toeing	v	toe _ing
toenails	n	toenail _s
toenails	v	toenail _es
toes	n	toe _s
toes	v	toe _es
toffees	n	toffee _s
toffs	n	toff _s
togas	n	toga _s
togged	v	tog _ed
toggled	v	toggle _ed
toggles	n	toggle _s
toggles	v	toggle _es
togs	v	tog _es
toiled	v	toil _ed
toiler	n	toil _er
toilers	n	toil _er _s
toilets	n	toilet _s
toiling	v	toil _ing
toils	n	toil _s
toils	v	toil _es
tokens	n	token _s
tokes	n	toke _s
tolerable	a	tolerate _able
tolerable	n	tolerate _able
tolerably	r	tolerate _able _ly
tolerances	n	tolerance _s
tolerantly	r	tolerant _ly
tolerated	v	tolerate _ed
tolerates	v	tolerate _es
tollbooths	n	tollbooth _s
tolled	v	toll _ed
tollgates	n	tollgate _s
tolling	v	toll _ing
tolls	n	toll _s
tolls	v	toll _es
tomahawked	v	tomahawk _ed
tomahawks	n	tomahawk _s
tomatoes	n	tomato _s
tombolas	n	tombola _s
tomboys	n	tomboy _s
tombs	n	tomb _s
tombstones	n	tombstone _s
tomcats	n	tomcat _s
tomes	n	tome _s
tomorrows	n	tomorrow _s
toms	n	tom _s
tonal	a	tone _al
tonal	n	tone _al
tonality	n	tone _al _ity
toned	v	tone _ed
toneless	n	tone _less
toners	n	toner _s
tones	n	tone _s
tones	v	tone _es
tongued	v	tongue _ed
tongues	n	tongue _s
tongues	v	tongue _es
tonics	n	tonic _s
tonnages	n	tonnage _s
tonnes	n	tonne _s
tons	n	ton _s
tonsils	n	tonsil _s
tonsured	v	tonsure _ed
toolboxes	n	toolbox _s
tooled	v	tool _ed
tooling	v	tool _ing
toolmakers	n	toolmaker _s
tools	n	tool _s
tools	v	tool _es
tooted	v	toot _ed
toothaches	n	toothache _s
toothbrushes	n	toothbrush _s
toothless	a	tooth _less
toothless	n	tooth _less
toothless	r	tooth _less
toothpastes	n	toothpaste _s
toothpicks	n	toothpick _s
toothy	a	tooth _y
toothy	n	tooth _y
tooting	v	toot _ing
tootled	v	tootle _ed
tootles	n	tootle _s
tootles	v	tootle _es
toots	n	toot _s
toots	v	toot _es
topazes	n	topaz _s
topcoats	n	topcoat _s
topical	a	topic _al
topical	n	topic _al
topicality	n	topic _al _ity
topically	r	topic _al _ly
topics	n	topic _s
topknots	n	topknot _s
topless	a	top _less
topless	n	top _less
topographically	r	topography _ical _ly
topped	v	top _ed
topper	a	top _er
topper	n	top _er
topper	o	top _er
toppers	n	top _er _s
topping	v	top _ing
toppings	n	topping _s
toppled	v	topple _ed
topples	v	topple _es
tops	n	top _s
tops	v	top _es
topsails	n	topsail _s
topsides	n	topside _s
toques	n	toque _s
torchbearers	n	torchbearer _s
torched	v	torch _ed
torches	n	torch _s
torches	v	torch _es
torching	v	torch _ing
toreadors	n	toreador _s
tormented	v	torment _ed
tormenting	v	torment _ing
tormentors	n	tormentor _s
torments	n	torment _s
torments	v	torment _es
tornadoes	n	tornado _s
torpedoed	v	torpedo _ed
torpedoes	n	torpedo _s
torpedoes	v	torpedo _es
torpedoing	v	torpedo _ing
torques	n	torque _s
torrents	n	torrent _s
tors	n	tor _s
torsos	n	torso _s
tortes	n	torte _s
tortillas	n	tortilla _s
tortoises	n	tortoise _s
tortoiseshells	n	tortoiseshell _s
torts	n	tort _s
tortuously	r	tortuous _ly
tortured	v	torture _ed
torturer	a	torture _er
torturer	n	torture _er
torturers	n	torture _er _s
tortures	n	torture _s
tortures	v	torture _es
tossed	v	toss _ed
tossers	n	tosser _s
tosses	n	toss _s
tosses	v	toss _es
tossing	v	toss _ing
tossups	n	tossup _s
totalitarians	n	totalitarian _s
totality	n	total _ity
totalled	v	total _ed
totalling	v	total _ing
totally	a	total _ly
totally	r	total _ly
totals	n	total _s
totals	v	total _es
toted	v	tot _ed
totems	n	totem _s
totes	n	tote _s
totes	v	tote _es
toting	v	tote _ing
tots	n	tot _s
totted	v	tot _ed
tottered	v	totter _ed
tottering	v	totter _ing
totters	v	totter _es
totting	v	tot _ing
toucans	n	toucan _s
touchable	a	touch _able
touchdowns	n	touchdown _s
touched	v	touch _ed
touches	n	touch _s
touches	v	touch _es
touching	v	touch _ing
touchingly	r	touch _ing _ly
touchings	n	touching _s
touchlines	n	touchline _s
touchscreens	n	touchscreen _s
touchstones	n	touchstone _s
touchy	a	touch _y
touchy	n	touch _y
touchy	v	touch _y
toughened	v	toughen _ed
toughening	v	toughen _ing
toughens	v	toughen _es
tougher	a	tough _er
toughest	a	tough _est
toughies	n	toughie _s
toughly	a	tough _ly
toughly	n	tough _ly
toughly	r	tough _ly
toughness	a	tough _ness
toughness	n	tough _ness
toughness	o	tough _ness
toughs	n	tough _s
toupees	n	toupee _s
toured	v	tour _ed
touring	v	tour _ing
tourist	a	tour _ism _ist
tourist	n	tour _ism _ist
tourist	v	tour _ism _ist
tourists	n	tour _ism _ist _s
tournaments	n	tournament _s
tourneys	n	tourney _s
tourneys	v	tourney _es
tourniquets	n	tourniquet _s
tours	n	tour _s
tours	v	tour _es
tousled	v	tousle _ed
tousles	v	tousle _es
touted	v	tout _ed
touting	v	tout _ing
touts	n	tout _s
touts	v	tout _es
towed	v	tow _ed
towelled	v	towel _ed
towelling	v	towel _ing
towels	n	towel _s
towels	v	towel _es
towered	v	tower _ed
towering	v	tower _ing
towers	n	tower _s
towers	v	tower _es
towheads	n	towhead _s
towhees	n	towhee _s
towing	v	tow _ing
towlines	n	towline _s
townees	n	townee _s
towns	n	town _s
townships	n	township _s
towpaths	n	towpath _s
tows	n	tow _s
tows	v	tow _es
toxic	a	toxin _ic
toxic	n	toxin _ic
toxic	r	toxin _ic
toxic	v	toxin _ic
toxicity	n	toxin _ic _ity
toxicologist	n	toxicology _ist
toxicologists	n	toxicology _ist _s
toxins	n	toxin _s
toyed	v	toy _ed
toying	v	toy _ing
toys	n	toy _s
toys	v	toy _es
traceable	a	trace _able
traceable	n	trace _able
traced	v	trace _ed
tracer	a	trace _er
tracer	n	trace _er
tracer	r	trace _er
tracer	v	trace _er
tracers	n	trace _er _s
traces	n	trace _s
traces	v	trace _es
tracheae	n	trachea _e
tracings	n	tracing _s
tracked	v	track _ed
tracker	n	track _er
trackers	n	track _er _s
tracking	v	track _ing
trackless	a	track _less
trackless	n	track _less
tracks	n	track _s
tracks	v	track _es
tractability	n	tractable _ity
tractors	n	tractor _s
tracts	n	tract _s
traded	v	trade _ed
trademarked	v	trademark _ed
trademarking	v	trademark _ing
trademarks	n	trademark _s
trademarks	v	trademark _es
trader	n	trade _er
traders	n	trade _er _s
trades	n	trade _s
trades	v	trade _es
traditional	a	tradition _al
traditionalist	a	tradition _al _ism _ist
traditionalist	n	tradition _al _ism _ist
traditionalist	v	tradition _al _ism _ist
traditionalists	n	tradition _al _ism _ist _s
traditionally	a	tradition _al _ly
traditionally	r	tradition _al _ly
traditions	n	tradition _s
traduced	v	traduce _ed
traducers	n	traducer _s
traduces	v	traduce _es
trafficked	v	traffic _ed
trafficker	n	traffic _er
traffickers	n	traffic _er _s
trafficking	v	traffic _ing
traffics	n	traffic _s
traffics	v	traffic _es
tragedians	n	tragedian _s
tragic	a	tragedy _ic
tragic	n	tragedy _ic
tragic	r	tragedy _ic
tragic	v	tragedy _ic
trailblazers	n	trailblazer _s
trailed	v	trail _ed
trailer	a	trail _er
trailer	n	trail _er
trailer	v	trail _er
trailers	n	trail _er _s
trailing	v	trail _ing
trails	n	trail _s
trails	v	trail _es
trainable	a	train _able
trained	v	train _ed
trainees	n	trainee _s
trainer	a	train _er
trainer	n	train _er
trainer	r	train _er
trainer	v	train _er
trainers	n	train _er _s
training	v	train _ing
trainloads	n	trainload _s
trains	n	train _s
trains	v	train _es
traipsed	v	traipse _ed
traipses	v	traipse _es
traitorous	a	traitor _ous
traitors	n	traitor _s
traits	n	trait _s
tramcars	n	tramcar _s
tramlines	n	tramline _s
trammels	n	trammel _s
tramming	v	tram _ing
tramped	v	tramp _ed
trampers	n	tramper _s
tramping	v	tramp _ing
trampled	v	trample _ed
tramplers	n	trampler _s
tramples	n	trample _s
tramples	v	trample _es
trampolines	n	trampoline _s
tramps	n	tramp _s
tramps	v	tramp _es
trams	n	tram _s
trams	v	tram _es
tramways	n	tramway _s
trances	n	trance _s
tranches	n	tranche _s
tranquilized	v	tranquilize _ed
tranquilizers	n	tranquilizer _s
tranquilizes	v	tranquilize _es
tranquilly	r	tranquil _ly
transacted	v	transact _ed
transacting	v	transact _ing
transactions	n	transaction _s
transactors	n	transactor _s
transacts	v	transact _es
transcended	v	transcend _ed
transcendental	a	transcendence _al
transcendental	n	transcendence _al
transcendentalist	n	transcendent _al _ism _ist
transcendentalists	n	transcendent _al _ism _ist _s
transcendentally	r	transcendence _al _ly
transcending	v	transcend _ing
transcends	v	transcend _es
transcribed	v	transcribe _ed
transcribers	n	transcriber _s
transcribes	v	transcribe _es
transcriptions	n	transcription _s
transcripts	n	transcript _s
transducers	n	transducer _s
transected	v	transect _ed
transepts	n	transept _s
transferable	a	transfer _able
transferred	v	transfer _ed
transferring	v	transfer _ing
transfers	n	transfer _s
transfers	v	transfer _es
transfigured	v	transfigure _ed
transfigures	v	transfigure _es
transfixed	v	transfix _ed
transfixes	v	transfix _es
transfixing	v	transfix _ing
transformations	n	transformation _s
transformed	v	transform _ed
transformer	a	transform _er
transformer	n	transform _er
transformer	o	transform _er
transformer	r	transform _er
transformer	v	transform _er
transformers	n	transform _er _s
transforming	v	transform _ing
transforms	v	transform _es
transfused	v	transfuse _ed
transfusion	n	transfuse _ion
transfusions	n	transfuse _ion _s
transgressed	v	transgress _ed
transgresses	v	transgress _es
transgressing	v	transgress _ing
transgressions	n	transgression _s
transgressors	n	transgressor _s
transients	n	transient _s
transistorized	v	transistorize _ed
transistors	n	transistor _s
transited	v	transit _ed
transiting	v	transit _ing
transitional	a	transit _ion _al
transitional	n	transit _ion _al
transitioned	v	transition _ed
transitioning	v	transition _ing
transitions	n	transition _s
transitions	v	transition _es
transits	n	transit _s
transits	v	transit _es
translatable	a	translate _able
translated	v	translate _ed
translates	v	translate _es
translations	n	translation _s
translators	n	translator _s
transliterated	v	transliterate _ed
transliteration	n	transliterate _ion
transliterations	n	transliterate _ion _s
transmigration	n	transmigrate _ion
transmission	a	transmit _ion
transmission	n	transmit _ion
transmission	v	transmit _ion
transmissions	n	transmit _ion _s
transmits	v	transmit _es
transmitted	v	transmit _ed
transmitter	a	transmit _er
transmitter	n	transmit _er
transmitter	v	transmit _er
transmitters	n	transmit _er _s
transmitting	v	transmit _ing
transmogrifying	v	transmogrify _ing
transmutations	n	transmutation _s
transmuted	v	transmute _ed
transmutes	v	transmute _es
transoms	n	transom _s
transparently	r	transparent _ly
transpired	v	transpire _ed
transpires	v	transpire _es
transplanted	v	transplant _ed
transplanting	v	transplant _ing
transplants	n	transplant _s
transplants	v	transplant _es
transponders	n	transponder _s
transportable	a	transport _able
transportable	n	transport _able
transported	v	transport _ed
transporter	a	transport _er
transporter	n	transport _er
transporter	r	transport _er
transporter	v	transport _er
transporters	n	transport _er _s
transporting	v	transport _ing
transports	n	transport _s
transports	v	transport _es
transposed	v	transpose _ed
transposes	n	transpose _s
transposes	v	transpose _es
transpositions	n	transposition _s
transsexuals	n	transsexual _s
transshipment	a	transship _ment
transshipment	n	transship _ment
transshipped	v	transship _ed
transshipping	v	transship _ing
transversely	r	transverse _ly
transvestites	n	transvestite _s
trapezes	n	trapeze _s
trapeziums	n	trapezium _s
trapezoids	n	trapezoid _s
trapped	v	trap _ed
trapper	a	trap _er
trapper	n	trap _er
trappers	n	trap _er _s
trapping	v	trap _ing
trappings	n	trapping _s
traps	n	trap _s
traps	v	trap _es
trashed	v	trash _ed
trashes	n	trash _s
trashes	v	trash _es
trashing	v	trash _ing
trashy	a	trash _y
trashy	n	trash _y
trashy	v	trash _y
traumas	n	trauma _s
traumatic	a	trauma _ic
traumatic	n	trauma _ic
traumatized	v	traumatize _ed
traumatizes	v	traumatize _es
travailed	v	travail _ed
travails	n	travail _s
travails	v	travail _es
travelled	v	travel _ed
traveller	a	travel _er
traveller	n	travel _er
traveller	o	travel _er
traveller	v	travel _er
travellers	n	travel _er _s
travelling	v	travel _ing
travelogues	n	travelogue _s
travels	n	travel _s
travels	v	travel _es
traversals	n	traversal _s
traversed	v	traverse _ed
traverses	n	traverse _s
traverses	v	traverse _es
travestying	v	travesty _ing
trawled	v	trawl _ed
trawler	a	trawl _er
trawler	n	trawl _er
trawlers	n	trawl _er _s
trawling	v	trawl _ing
trawls	n	trawl _s
trawls	v	trawl _es
trays	n	tray _s
treacherous	a	treachery _ous
treacherously	r	treachery _ous _ly
treacly	a	treacle _y
treacly	n	treacle _y
treading	v	tread _ing
treadmills	n	treadmill _s
treads	n	tread _s
treads	v	tread _es
treasonous	a	treason _ous
treasured	v	treasure _ed
treasurers	n	treasurer _s
treasures	n	treasure _s
treasures	v	treasure _es
treatable	a	treat _able
treatable	n	treat _able
treated	v	treat _ed
treating	v	treat _ing
treatises	n	treatise _s
treatment	n	treat _ment
treatments	n	treat _ment _s
treats	n	treat _s
treats	v	treat _es
trebled	v	treble _ed
trebles	n	treble _s
trebles	v	treble _es
treed	v	tree _ed
treeing	v	tree _ing
treeless	a	tree _less
treeless	n	tree _less
treeless	v	tree _less
trees	n	tree _s
trees	v	tree _es
treetops	n	treetop _s
trefoils	n	trefoil _s
trekked	v	trek _ed
trekkers	n	trekker _s
trekking	v	trek _ing
treks	n	trek _s
treks	v	trek _es
trellised	v	trellis _ed
trellises	n	trellis _s
trellising	v	trellis _ing
trembled	v	tremble _ed
trembles	n	tremble _s
trembles	v	tremble _es
tremendously	r	tremendous _ly
tremolos	n	tremolo _s
tremors	n	tremor _s
tremulously	r	tremulous _ly
trenchantly	r	trenchant _ly
trenched	v	trench _ed
trencher	n	trench _er
trenchers	n	trench _er _s
trenches	n	trench _s
trenches	v	trench _es
trenching	v	trench _ing
trended	v	trend _ed
trendiness	n	trend _y _ness
trending	v	trend _ing
trends	n	trend _s
trends	v	trend _es
trendy	a	trend _y
trendy	n	trend _y
trendy	v	trend _y
trespassed	v	trespass _ed
trespasser	n	trespass _er
trespassers	n	trespass _er _s
trespasses	n	trespass _s
trespasses	v	trespass _es
trespassing	v	trespass _ing
tresses	n	tress _s
trestles	n	trestle _s
treys	n	trey _s
triads	n	triad _s
trials	n	trial _s
triangles	n	triangle _s
triangulated	v	triangulate _ed
triangulates	v	triangulate _es
tribal	a	tribe _al
tribal	n	tribe _al
tribal	r	tribe _al
tribal	v	tribe _al
tribes	n	tribe _s
tribulations	n	tribulation _s
tribunal	a	tribune _al
tribunal	n	tribune _al
tribunal	o	tribune _al
tribunal	v	tribune _al
tribunals	n	tribune _al _s
tribunes	n	tribune _s
tributes	n	tribute _s
trichinae	n	trichina _e
tricked	v	trick _ed
tricking	v	trick _ing
trickled	v	trickle _ed
trickles	n	trickle _s
trickles	v	trickle _es
tricks	n	trick _s
tricks	v	trick _es
tricksters	n	trickster _s
tricky	a	trick _y
tricky	n	trick _y
tricolours	n	tricolour _s
tricycles	n	tricycle _s
tridents	n	trident _s
triennials	n	triennial _s
trier	a	try _er
trier	n	try _er
trier	r	try _er
triers	n	try _er _s
trifled	v	trifle _ed
trifles	n	trifle _s
trifles	v	trifle _es
triggered	v	trigger _ed
triggering	v	trigger _ing
triggers	n	trigger _s
triggers	v	trigger _es
triglycerides	n	triglyceride _s
trikes	n	trike _s
trilled	v	trill _ed
trilling	v	trill _ing
trillions	n	trillion _s
trillionths	n	trillionth _s
trills	n	trill _s
trills	v	trill _es
trilobites	n	trilobite _s
trimarans	n	trimaran _s
trimester	a	trim _er
trimesters	n	trimester _s
trimmed	v	trim _ed
trimmer	a	trim _er
trimmer	n	trim _er
trimmers	n	trim _er _s
trimming	v	trim _ing
trimmings	n	trimming _s
trims	n	trim _s
trims	v	trim _es
trinkets	n	trinket _s
trios	n	trio _s
tripled	v	triple _ed
triples	n	triple _s
triples	v	triple _es
triplets	n	triplet _s
triplicated	v	triplicate _ed
triplicates	n	triplicate _s
tripods	n	tripod _s
tripped	v	trip _ed
tripper	n	trip _er
tripper	o	trip _er
trippers	n	trip _er _s
tripping	v	trip _ing
trips	n	trip _s
trips	v	trip _es
triptychs	n	triptych _s
triremes	n	trireme _s
tritest	a	trite _st
triumphal	a	triumph _al
triumphal	n	triumph _al
triumphantly	r	triumphant _ly
triumphed	v	triumph _ed
triumphing	v	triumph _ing
triumphs	n	triumph _s
triumphs	v	triumph _es
trivets	n	trivet _s
triviality	n	trivial _ity
trivialized	v	trivialize _ed
trivializes	v	trivialize _es
trivially	r	trivial _ly
trochaic	a	trochee _ic
troglodytes	n	troglodyte _s
troikas	n	troika _s
trolled	v	troll _ed
trolleybuses	n	trolleybus _s
trolleys	n	trolley _s
trolling	v	troll _ing
trollops	n	trollop _s
trolls	n	troll _s
trolls	v	troll _es
trombones	n	trombone _s
trombonist	n	trombone _ist
trombonists	n	trombone _ist _s
trooped	v	troop _ed
trooper	a	troop _er
trooper	n	troop _er
trooper	o	troop _er
troopers	n	troop _er _s
trooping	v	troop _ing
troops	n	troop _s
troops	v	troop _es
troopships	n	troopship _s
tropes	n	trope _s
tropical	a	tropic _al
tropical	n	tropic _al
tropically	r	tropic _al _ly
tropics	n	tropic _s
tropisms	n	tropism _s
trots	n	trot _s
trots	v	trot _es
trotted	v	trot _ed
trotter	a	trot _er
trotter	n	trot _er
trotter	v	trot _er
trotters	n	trot _er _s
trotting	v	trot _ing
troubadours	n	troubadour _s
troubled	v	trouble _ed
troublemakers	n	troublemaker _s
troubles	n	trouble _s
troubles	v	trouble _es
troubleshooters	n	troubleshooter _s
troubleshooting	v	troubleshoot _ing
troubleshoots	v	troubleshoot _es
troughs	n	trough _s
trounced	v	trounce _ed
trounces	v	trounce _es
trouper	n	troupe _er
trouper	o	troupe _er
troupers	n	troupe _er _s
troupes	n	troupe _s
trousers	n	trouser _s
trouts	n	trout _s
troves	n	trove _s
trowelled	v	trowel _ed
trowelling	v	trowel _ing
trowels	n	trowel _s
troys	n	troy _s
truants	n	truant _s
truces	n	truce _s
trucked	v	truck _ed
truckers	n	trucker _s
trucking	v	truck _ing
truckled	v	truckle _ed
truckles	n	truckle _s
trucks	n	truck _s
trudged	v	trudge _ed
trudges	n	trudge _s
trudges	v	trudge _es
trued	v	true _ed
truer	a	true _r
trues	n	true _s
truest	a	true _st
truffles	n	truffle _s
truisms	n	truism _s
truly	a	true _ly
truly	n	true _ly
truly	o	true _ly
truly	r	true _ly
truly	v	true _ly
trumped	v	trump _ed
trumpeted	v	trumpet _ed
trumpeter	n	trumpet _er
trumpeter	r	trumpet _er
trumpeter	v	trumpet _er
trumpeters	n	trumpet _er _s
trumpeting	v	trumpet _ing
trumpets	n	trumpet _s
trumpets	v	trumpet _es
trumping	v	trump _ing
trumps	n	trump _s
trumps	v	trump _es
truncated	v	truncate _ed
truncates	v	truncate _es
truncheons	n	truncheon _s
trundled	v	trundle _ed
trundles	n	trundle _s
trundles	v	trundle _es
trunks	n	trunk _s
trussed	v	truss _ed
trusses	n	truss _s
trusses	v	truss _es
trussing	v	truss _ing
trusted	v	trust _ed
trustees	n	trustee _s
trustful	a	trust _ful
trusting	v	trust _ing
trusts	n	trust _s
trusts	v	trust _es
trustworthiness	n	trustworthy _ness
trusty	a	trust _y
trusty	n	trust _y
truthful	a	truth _ful
truthful	n	truth _ful
truthfully	r	truth _ful _ly
truthfulness	n	truth _ful _ness
truths	n	truth _s
trying	v	try _ing
tryouts	n	tryout _s
trysts	n	tryst _s
ts	n	t _s
tsetses	n	tsetse _s
tsunamis	n	tsunami _s
tubas	n	tuba _s
tubby	a	tub _y
tubby	n	tub _y
tubby	v	tub _y
tubed	v	tube _ed
tubeless	n	tube _less
tubercles	n	tubercle _s
tuberculous	a	tubercle _ous
tubers	n	tuber _s
tubes	n	tube _s
tubes	v	tube _es
tubs	n	tub _s
tubules	n	tubule _s
tucked	v	tuck _ed
tucker	n	tuck _er
tucker	v	tuck _er
tuckered	v	tuck _er _ed
tuckers	n	tuck _er _s
tucking	v	tuck _ing
tucks	n	tuck _s
tucks	v	tuck _es
tufts	n	tuft _s
tugboats	n	tugboat _s
tugged	v	tug _ed
tugging	v	tug _ing
tugs	n	tug _s
tugs	v	tug _es
tulips	n	tulip _s
tumbled	v	tumble _ed
tumbler	n	tumble _er
tumblers	n	tumble _er _s
tumbles	n	tumble _s
tumbles	v	tumble _es
tumbleweeds	n	tumbleweed _s
tumbrels	n	tumbrel _s
tumours	n	tumour _s
tums	n	tum _s
tumults	n	tumult _s
tumultuous	a	tumult _ous
tunas	n	tuna _s
tundras	n	tundra _s
tuned	v	tune _ed
tuneful	a	tune _ful
tuneful	n	tune _ful
tunefully	r	tune _ful _ly
tunefulness	n	tune _ful _ness
tuneless	a	tune _less
tuneless	n	tune _less
tunelessly	r	tune _less _ly
tuner	n	tune _er
tuners	n	tune _er _s
tunes	n	tune _s
tunes	v	tune _es
tunics	n	tunic _s
tunnelled	v	tunnel _ed
tunnelling	v	tunnel _ing
tunnels	n	tunnel _s
tunnels	v	tunnel _es
tuns	n	tun _s
turbans	n	turban _s
turbidity	n	turbid _ity
turbines	n	turbine _s
turbofans	n	turbofan _s
turbojets	n	turbojet _s
turboprops	n	turboprop _s
turbots	n	turbot _s
turds	n	turd _s
tureens	n	tureen _s
turfed	v	turf _ed
turfing	v	turf _ing
turfs	n	turf _s
turfs	v	turf _es
turgidity	n	turgid _ity
turkeys	n	turkey _s
turmoils	n	turmoil _s
turnabouts	n	turnabout _s
turnarounds	n	turnaround _s
turnbuckles	n	turnbuckle _s
turncoats	n	turncoat _s
turned	v	turn _ed
turner	a	turn _er
turner	n	turn _er
turner	o	turn _er
turner	r	turn _er
turner	v	turn _er
turners	n	turn _er _s
turning	v	turn _ing
turnings	n	turning _s
turnips	n	turnip _s
turnkeys	n	turnkey _s
turnoffs	n	turnoff _s
turnouts	n	turnout _s
turnovers	n	turnover _s
turnpikes	n	turnpike _s
turns	n	turn _s
turns	v	turn _es
turnstiles	n	turnstile _s
turntables	n	turntable _s
turps	n	turp _s
turquoises	n	turquoise _s
turrets	n	turret _s
turtledoves	n	turtledove _s
turtlenecks	n	turtleneck _s
turtles	n	turtle _s
turtles	v	turtle _es
tushes	n	tush _s
tusked	v	tusk _ed
tusks	n	tusk _s
tusks	v	tusk _es
tussled	v	tussle _ed
tussles	n	tussle _s
tussles	v	tussle _es
tussocks	n	tussock _s
tutored	v	tutor _ed
tutorials	n	tutorial _s
tutoring	v	tutor _ing
tutors	n	tutor _s
tutors	v	tutor _es
tuts	v	tut _es
tutus	n	tutu _s
tuxedos	n	tuxedo _s
tuxes	n	tux _s
twanged	v	twang _ed
twanging	v	twang _ing
twangs	n	twang _s
twangs	v	twang _es
twats	n	twat _s
tweaked	v	tweak _ed
tweaking	v	tweak _ing
tweaks	n	tweak _s
tweaks	v	tweak _es
tweeds	n	tweed _s
tweedy	a	tweed _y
tweedy	n	tweed _y
tweeted	v	tweet _ed
tweeter	a	tweet _er
tweeter	n	tweet _er
tweeters	n	tweet _er _s
tweeting	v	tweet _ing
tweets	n	tweet _s
tweets	v	tweet _es
tweezers	n	tweezer _s
twelfths	n	twelfth _s
twelves	n	twelve _s
twerps	n	twerp _s
twiddled	v	twiddle _ed
twiddles	n	twiddle _s
twiddles	v	twiddle _es
twiddly	a	twiddle _y
twiddly	r	twiddle _y
twigged	v	twig _ed
twigging	v	twig _ing
twiggy	a	twig _y
twiggy	n	twig _y
twiggy	v	twig _y
twigs	n	twig _s
twigs	v	twig _es
twined	v	twin _ed
twiners	n	twiner _s
twines	v	twin _es
twinged	v	twinge _ed
twinges	n	twinge _s
twining	v	twin _ing
twinkled	v	twinkle _ed
twinkles	n	twinkle _s
twinkles	v	twinkle _es
twinned	v	twin _ed
twinning	v	twin _ing
twins	n	twin _s
twins	v	twin _es
twirled	v	twirl _ed
twirler	n	twirl _er
twirlers	n	twirl _er _s
twirling	v	twirl _ing
twirls	n	twirl _s
twirls	v	twirl _es
twisted	v	twist _ed
twister	n	twist _er
twisters	n	twist _er _s
twisting	v	twist _ing
twists	n	twist _s
twists	v	twist _es
twisty	a	twist _y
twisty	n	twist _y
twitched	v	twitch _ed
twitches	n	twitch _s
twitches	v	twitch _es
twitching	v	twitch _ing
twits	n	twit _s
twits	v	twit _es
twitted	v	twit _ed
twittered	v	twitter _ed
twittering	v	twitter _ing
twitters	n	twitter _s
twitting	v	twit _ing
twofers	n	twofer _s
twopences	n	twopence _s
twos	n	two _s
twosomes	n	twosome _s
tycoons	n	tycoon _s
tykes	n	tyke _s
typecasting	v	typecast _ing
typed	v	type _ed
typefaces	n	typeface _s
types	n	type _s
types	v	type _es
typescripts	n	typescript _s
typesetter	n	typeset _er
typesetters	n	typeset _er _s
typesetting	v	typeset _ing
typewriter	n	typewrite _er
typewriter	r	typewrite _er
typewriters	n	typewrite _er _s
typhoons	n	typhoon _s
typically	r	type _al _ly
typifying	v	typify _ing
typist	a	type _ist
typist	n	type _ist
typists	n	type _ist _s
typographers	n	typographer _s
typographic	a	typograph _y _ic
typographically	r	typography _ic _al _ly
typos	n	typo _s
tyrannically	r	tyranny _ic _al _ly
tyrannize	v	tyrant _ize
tyrannized	v	tyrant _ize _ed
tyrannosaurs	n	tyrannosaur _s
tyrannous	a	tyrant _ous
tyrants	n	tyrant _s
ubiquitous	a	ubiquity _ous
udders	n	udder _s
ugliness	a	ugly _ness
ugliness	n	ugly _ness
ugliness	r	ugly _ness
ugliness	v	ugly _ness
ukases	n	ukase _s
ukuleles	n	ukulele _s
ulcerated	v	ulcerate _ed
ulcerates	v	ulcerate _es
ulcerations	n	ulceration _s
ulcers	n	ulcer _s
ulnae	n	ulna _e
ulsters	n	ulster _s
ultimately	a	ultimate _ly
ultimately	r	ultimate _ly
ultimatums	n	ultimatum _s
ultraconservatives	n	ultraconservative _s
ultrasounds	n	ultrasound _s
ululated	v	ululate _ed
ululates	v	ululate _es
ululation	n	ululate _ion
ululations	n	ululate _ion _s
umbels	n	umbel _s
umbrellas	n	umbrella _s
umlauts	n	umlaut _s
umpired	v	umpire _ed
umpires	n	umpire _s
umpires	v	umpire _es
umps	n	ump _s
unable	a	un _able
unable	v	un _able
unabridged	a	un_ abridge _ed
unaccompanied	a	un_ ac_ company _ed
unaccompanied	v	un_ ac_ company _ed
unaccountable	a	un_ account _able
unaccountably	a	un_ account _able _ly
unaccountably	r	un_ account _able _ly
unaccustomed	a	un_ accustom _ed
unaccustomed	v	un_ accustom _ed
unaffected	a	un_ affect _ed
unaffected	v	un_ affect _ed
unaffectedly	a	un_ affect _ed _ly
unaffectedly	r	un_ affect _ed _ly
unalienable	a	un_ alienate _able
unanimity	a	un_ animous _ity
unanimity	n	un_ animous _ity
unanimously	a	unanimous _ly
unanimously	r	unanimous _ly
unannounced	a	un_ announce _ed
unannounced	v	un_ announce _ed
unanswerable	a	un_ answer _able
unanswered	a	un_ answer _ed
unanswered	r	un_ answer _ed
unanswered	v	un_ answer _ed
unapproachable	a	un_ approach _able
unarmed	a	un_ arm _ed
unarmed	v	un_ arm _ed
unasked	a	un_ asked
unasked	v	un_ asked
unattached	a	un_ attach _ed
unattached	v	un_ attach _ed
unattended	a	un_ attend _ed
unattended	v	un_ attend _ed
unavoidable	a	un_ avoid _able
unavoidably	a	un_ avoid _able _ly
unavoidably	r	un_ avoid _able _ly
unaware	a	un_ aware
unaware	n	un_ aware
unaware	o	un_ aware
unaware	v	un_ aware
unbalanced	a	un_ balance _ed
unbalanced	v	un_ balance _ed
unbalances	n	unbalance _s
unbalances	v	unbalance _es
unbearable	a	un_ bear _able
unbearably	a	un_ bear _able _ly
unbearably	r	un_ bear _able _ly
unbeaten	a	un_ beaten
unbeaten	n	un_ beaten
unbeaten	r	un_ beaten
unbeaten	v	un_ beaten
unbelievable	a	un_ believe _able
unbelievably	a	un_ believe _able _ly
unbelievably	o	un_ believe _able _ly
unbelievably	r	un_ believe _able _ly
unbelievers	n	unbeliever _s
unbelieving	a	un_ believe _ing
unbelieving	n	un_ believe _ing
unbelieving	v	un_ believe _ing
unbending	v	unbend _ing
unbinding	v	unbind _ing
unblocked	v	unblock _ed
unblocking	v	unblock _ing
unblocks	v	unblock _es
unbolted	v	unbolt _ed
unbolting	v	unbolt _ing
unbounded	a	un_ bound _ed
unbounded	v	un_ bound _ed
unbridled	v	unbridle _ed
unbroken	a	un_ broke _en
unbroken	n	un_ broke _en
unbuckled	v	unbuckle _ed
unbuckles	v	unbuckle _es
unburdened	v	unburden _ed
unburdening	v	unburden _ing
unburdens	v	unburden _es
unbuttoned	v	unbutton _ed
unbuttoning	v	unbutton _ing
unbuttons	v	unbutton _es
uncannily	a	un_ canny _ly
uncannily	r	un_ canny _ly
uncanny	a	un_ canny
uncanny	n	un_ canny
uncanny	o	un_ canny
uncased	v	uncase _ed
unceasingly	a	un_ ceaseing _ly
unceasingly	r	un_ ceaseing _ly
unceremonious	a	un_ ceremony _ous
unceremoniously	r	un_ ceremony _ous _ly
uncertain	a	un_ certain
uncertain	n	un_ certain
uncertain	o	un_ certain
uncertain	r	un_ certain
uncertain	v	un_ certain
uncertainly	a	un_ certain _ly
uncertainly	r	un_ certain _ly
unchained	v	unchain _ed
unchaining	v	unchain _ing
uncharitable	a	un_ charity _able
uncharitably	r	un_ charitable _ly
unchristian	a	un_ christian
uncivil	a	un_ civil
unclaimed	a	un_ claim _ed
unclaimed	v	un_ claim _ed
unclasped	v	unclasp _ed
unclasping	v	unclasp _ing
unclean	a	un_ clean
unclean	n	un_ clean
unclean	v	un_ clean
uncleanness	a	un_ clean _ness
uncleanness	n	un_ clean _ness
uncleanness	v	un_ clean _ness
uncles	n	uncle _s
uncloaking	v	uncloak _ing
unclogged	v	unclog _ed
unclogging	v	unclog _ing
unclothed	v	unclothe _ed
unclouded	a	un_ cloud _ed
unclouded	v	un_ cloud _ed
uncluttered	v	unclutter _ed
uncoiled	v	uncoil _ed
uncoiling	v	uncoil _ing
uncoils	v	uncoil _es
uncoloured	a	un_ colour _ed
uncomfortable	a	un_ comfort _able
uncomfortably	a	un_ comfort _able _ly
uncomfortably	r	un_ comfort _able _ly
uncommitted	a	un_ commit _ed
uncommitted	v	un_ commit _ed
uncommon	a	un_ common
uncommon	n	un_ common
uncommon	r	un_ common
uncommon	v	un_ common
uncommoner	a	un_ common _er
uncommonly	a	un_ common _ly
uncommonly	r	un_ common _ly
uncompromisingly	a	un_ compromise _ing _ly
uncompromisingly	r	un_ compromise _ing _ly
unconcerned	a	un_ concern _ed
unconcerned	v	un_ concern _ed
unconcernedly	a	un_ concerned _ly
unconcernedly	r	un_ concerned _ly
unconditional	a	un_ condition _al
unconditionally	r	un_ condition _al _ly
unconscionably	a	un_ con_ science _able _ly
unconscionably	r	un_ con_ science _able _ly
unconscious	a	un_ conscious
unconsciously	r	un_ conscious _ly
unconsciousness	a	un_ conscious _ness
unconsciousness	n	un_ conscious _ness
unconsciousness	v	un_ conscious _ness
unconsidered	a	un_ consider _ed
unconventional	a	un_ convene _ion _al
unconvincing	a	un_ convince _ing
unconvincing	n	un_ convince _ing
unconvincing	v	un_ convince _ing
uncorked	v	uncork _ed
uncorking	v	uncork _ing
uncorks	v	uncork _es
uncoupled	v	uncouple _ed
uncouples	v	uncouple _es
uncouth	a	un_ couth
uncouth	n	un_ couth
uncouth	r	un_ couth
uncouth	v	un_ couth
uncovered	v	uncover _ed
uncovering	v	uncover _ing
uncovers	v	uncover _es
uncritical	a	un_ critic _al
uncrossed	a	un_ cross _ed
uncrossed	v	un_ cross _ed
uncrosses	v	uncross _es
uncrossing	v	uncross _ing
uncrowned	a	un_ crowned
unctions	n	unction _s
unctuous	a	unction _ous
uncurled	v	uncurl _ed
uncurling	v	uncurl _ing
uncut	a	un_ cut
uncut	n	un_ cut
uncut	r	un_ cut
uncut	v	un_ cut
undated	a	un_ date _ed
undated	v	un_ date _ed
undeceived	v	undeceive _ed
undemonstrative	a	un_ demonstrate _ive
undeniable	a	un_ deny _able
undeniably	a	un_ deniable _ly
undeniably	r	un_ deniable _ly
underachieved	v	underachieve _ed
underachievers	n	underachiever _s
underachieves	v	underachieve _es
underbidding	v	underbid _ing
undercarriages	n	undercarriage _s
undercharged	v	undercharge _ed
undercharges	v	undercharge _es
underclasses	n	underclass _s
undercoating	v	undercoat _ing
undercoats	n	undercoat _s
undercurrents	n	undercurrent _s
undercuts	n	undercut _s
undercuts	v	undercut _es
undercutting	v	undercut _ing
underdeveloped	v	underdevelop _ed
underdogs	n	underdog _s
underestimated	v	underestimate _ed
underestimates	n	underestimate _s
underestimates	v	underestimate _es
underestimations	n	underestimation _s
underexposed	v	underexpose _ed
undergarments	n	undergarment _s
undergoes	v	undergo _es
undergoing	v	undergo _ing
undergone	v	undergo _ne
undergrads	n	undergrad _s
undergraduates	n	undergraduate _s
undergrounds	n	underground _s
underlays	n	underlay _s
underlies	v	underlie _es
underlined	v	underline _ed
underlines	n	underline _s
underlines	v	underline _es
underlings	n	underling _s
undermined	v	undermine _ed
undermines	v	undermine _es
undernourished	v	undernourish _ed
undernourishment	a	under_ nourish _ment
underparts	n	underpart _s
underpasses	n	underpass _s
underpaying	v	underpay _ing
underpayment	a	underpay _ment
underpayment	n	underpay _ment
underpayments	n	underpay _ment _s
underpays	v	underpay _es
underpinned	v	underpin _ed
underpinning	v	underpin _ing
underpins	v	underpin _es
underplayed	v	underplay _ed
underplaying	v	underplay _ing
underplays	v	underplay _es
underrated	v	underrate _ed
underrates	v	underrate _es
underscored	v	underscore _ed
underscores	n	underscore _s
underscores	v	underscore _es
underselling	v	undersell _ing
undersells	v	undersell _es
undershirts	n	undershirt _s
undershooting	v	undershoot _ing
undershoots	v	undershoot _es
undersides	n	underside _s
undersigned	v	undersign _ed
underskirts	n	underskirt _s
understandable	a	understand _able
understandably	a	understand _able _ly
understandably	r	understand _able _ly
understanding	v	understand _ing
understandings	n	understanding _s
understandings	v	understand _es
understands	v	understand _es
understated	v	understate _ed
understatement	a	under_ state _ment
understatement	n	under_ state _ment
understatements	n	under_ state _ment _s
understates	v	understate _es
understudying	v	understudy _ing
undertaken	v	undertake _n
undertaker	n	undertake _er
undertakers	n	undertake _er _s
undertakes	v	undertake _es
undertakings	n	undertaking _s
undertones	n	undertone _s
undertows	n	undertow _s
undervalued	v	undervalue _ed
undervalues	v	undervalue _es
underworlds	n	underworld _s
underwriter	a	under_ write _er
underwriter	n	under_ write _er
underwriters	n	under_ write _er _s
underwrites	v	underwrite _es
undesirability	n	un_ desire _able _ity
undesirable	a	un_ desire _able
undesirables	n	un_ desire _able _s
undesirably	a	un_ desire _able _ly
undeveloped	a	un_ develop _ed
undeveloped	v	un_ develop _ed
undignified	a	un_ dignify _ed
undignified	v	un_ dignify _ed
undistinguished	a	un_ distinguish _ed
undistinguished	v	un_ distinguish _ed
undivided	a	un_ divide _ed
undivided	v	un_ divide _ed
undoes	v	undo _es
undoing	v	undo _ing
undoings	n	undoing _s
undone	v	undo _ne
undoubtedly	a	un_ doubt _ed _ly
undoubtedly	o	un_ doubt _ed _ly
undoubtedly	r	un_ doubt _ed _ly
undressed	v	undress _ed
undresses	n	undress _s
undresses	v	undress _es
undressing	v	undress _ing
undue	a	un_ due
undulated	v	undulate _ed
undulates	v	undulate _es
undulations	n	undulation _s
unduly	a	un_ due _ly
unduly	n	un_ due _ly
unduly	r	un_ due _ly
unduly	v	un_ due _ly
unearned	a	un_ earn _ed
unearned	v	un_ earn _ed
unearthed	v	unearth _ed
unearthing	v	unearth _ing
unearthly	a	un_ earth _ly
unearthly	r	un_ earth _ly
unearths	v	unearth _es
uneasily	a	un_ ease _y _ly
uneasily	r	un_ ease _y _ly
uneasiness	a	unease _y _ness
uneasiness	n	unease _y _ness
uneasy	a	un_ ease _y
uneasy	v	un_ ease _y
uneconomic	a	un_ economy _ic
uneconomic	v	un_ economy _ic
uneconomical	a	un_ economy _cal
uneducated	a	un_ educate _ed
uneducated	v	un_ educate _ed
unemployable	a	un_ employ _able
unemployed	a	un_ employ _ed
unemployed	n	un_ employ _ed
unemployed	o	un_ employ _ed
unemployed	r	un_ employ _ed
unemployed	v	un_ employ _ed
unendurable	a	un_ endure _able
unenlightened	a	un_ enlighten _ed
unenviable	a	un_ envy _able
unequal	a	un_ equal
unequally	r	un_ equal _ly
unequivocal	a	un_ equivocal
unequivocally	a	un_ equivocal _ly
unequivocally	r	un_ equivocal _ly
unerringly	r	un_ erring _ly
uneven	a	un_ even
uneven	n	un_ even
uneven	r	un_ even
uneven	v	un_ even
unevenness	a	un_ even _ness
unevenness	n	un_ even _ness
uneventful	a	un_ event _ful
uneventfully	r	un_ eventful _ly
unexpected	a	un_ expect _ed
unexpected	v	un_ expect _ed
unfailingly	r	un_ failing _ly
unfair	a	un_ fair
unfair	n	un_ fair
unfair	o	un_ fair
unfair	v	un_ fair
unfairer	a	un_ fair _er
unfairly	a	un_ fair _ly
unfairly	r	un_ fair _ly
unfairness	a	un_ fair _ness
unfairness	n	un_ fair _ness
unfairness	v	un_ fair _ness
unfaithful	a	un_ faith _ful
unfaithfully	r	un_ faith _ful _ly
unfaithfulness	a	un_ faith _ful _ness
unfaithfulness	n	un_ faith _ful _ness
unfamiliar	a	un_ familiar
unfamiliar	n	un_ familiar
unfamiliar	r	un_ familiar
unfamiliar	v	un_ familiar
unfastened	v	unfasten _ed
unfastening	v	unfasten _ing
unfastens	v	unfasten _es
unfavourable	a	un_ favour _able
unfavourably	a	un_ favour _able _ly
unfavourably	r	un_ favour _able _ly
unfit	a	un_ fit
unfit	n	un_ fit
unfit	v	un_ fit
unfits	v	un_ fit _es
unfitted	v	un_ fit _ed
unfitting	v	un_ fit _ing
unflagging	a	un_ flag _ing
unflinchingly	r	un_ flinch _ing _ly
unfold	a	un_ fold
unfold	n	un_ fold
unfold	o	un_ fold
unfold	r	un_ fold
unfold	v	un_ fold
unfolded	v	un_ fold _ed
unfolding	v	un_ fold _ing
unfolds	v	un_ fold _es
unforgettable	a	un_ forget _able
unforgettably	n	un_ forgetable _ly
unforgettably	r	un_ forgetable _ly
unfortunate	a	un_ fortunate
unfortunate	n	un_ fortunate
unfortunate	v	un_ fortunate
unfortunately	a	un_ fortunate _ly
unfortunately	r	un_ fortunate _ly
unfortunates	n	un_ fortunate _s
unfriendly	a	un_ friend _ly
unfriendly	r	un_ friend _ly
unfrocks	v	unfrock _es
unfruitful	a	un_ fruit _ful
unfurled	v	unfurl _ed
unfurling	v	unfurl _ing
unfurls	v	unfurl _es
unfurnished	a	un_ furnish _ed
unfurnished	v	un_ furnish _ed
ungenerous	a	un_ generous
ungodly	a	un_ god _ly
ungodly	r	un_ god _ly
ungovernable	a	un_ govern _able
ungracious	a	un_ grace _ous
ungraciously	r	un_ grace _ous _ly
ungrateful	a	un_ grate _ful
ungratefully	r	un_ grate _ful _ly
unguarded	a	un_ guard _ed
unguarded	v	un_ guard _ed
unguents	n	unguent _s
ungulates	n	ungulate _s
unhallowed	v	un_ hallow _ed
unhappily	a	un_ happ _y _ly
unhappily	r	un_ happ _y _ly
unhappiness	a	un_ happ _y _ness
unhappiness	n	un_ happ _y _ness
unhappiness	v	un_ happ _y _ness
unhappy	a	un_ happ _y
unharnessed	v	unharness _ed
unhealthily	a	un_ health _y _ly
unhealthily	r	un_ health _y _ly
unhealthy	a	un_ health _y
unhealthy	o	un_ health _y
unhinged	v	unhinge _ed
unhinges	v	unhinge _es
unhitched	v	unhitch _ed
unhitching	v	unhitch _ing
unholy	a	un_ holy
unhooked	v	unhook _ed
unhooking	v	unhook _ing
unhooks	v	unhook _es
unhorsed	v	unhorse _ed
unicorns	n	unicorn _s
unicycles	n	unicycle _s
unidentified	a	un_ identify _ed
unidentified	v	un_ identify _ed
uniformed	v	uniform _ed
uniformity	a	uniform _ity
uniformity	n	uniform _ity
uniformly	a	uniform _ly
uniformly	n	uniform _ly
uniformly	r	uniform _ly
uniforms	n	uniform _s
uniforms	v	uniform _es
unifying	v	unify _ing
unilaterally	r	uni_ lateral _ly
unimpeachable	a	un_ impeach _able
uninformed	a	un_ in_ form _ed
uninformed	v	un_ in_ form _ed
uninhabitable	a	un_ in_ habit _able
uninspired	a	un_ inspire _ed
uninspired	v	un_ inspire _ed
uninterested	a	un_ interest _ed
uninterested	v	un_ interest _ed
uninterrupted	a	un_ interrupt _ed
uninterrupted	v	un_ interrupt _ed
uninterruptedly	r	un_ interrupted _ly
unionist	a	union _ist
unionist	n	union _ist
unionist	v	union _ist
unionists	n	union _ist _s
unionized	v	union _ize _ed
unions	n	union _s
uniquely	a	unique _ly
uniquely	r	unique _ly
uniqueness	a	unique _ness
uniqueness	n	unique _ness
united	v	unite _ed
unites	v	unite _es
unitized	v	unitize _ed
units	n	unit _s
universal	a	universe _al
universal	n	universe _al
universal	o	universe _al
universal	r	universe _al
universal	v	universe _al
universality	a	universe _al _ity
universality	n	universe _al _ity
universalized	v	universalize _ed
universalizes	v	universalize _es
universally	r	universe _al _ly
universals	n	universe _al _s
universes	n	universe _s
unjust	a	un_ just
unjust	n	un_ just
unjust	r	un_ just
unjust	v	un_ just
unkind	a	un_ kind
unkind	n	un_ kind
unkind	o	un_ kind
unkind	r	un_ kind
unkind	v	un_ kind
unkindest	a	un_ kind _est
unkindly	a	un_ kind _ly
unkindly	r	un_ kind _ly
unknowingly	r	un_ know _ing _ly
unknown	a	un_ known
unknown	n	un_ known
unknown	o	un_ known
unknown	r	un_ known
unknown	v	un_ known
unknowns	n	un_ known _s
unlaced	v	unlace _ed
unlawful	a	un_ law _ful
unlawfully	r	un_ lawful _ly
unlearned	v	unlearn _ed
unlearning	v	unlearn _ing
unlearns	v	unlearn _es
unleashed	v	unleash _ed
unleashes	v	unleash _es
unleashing	v	unleash _ing
unlettered	a	un_ lettered
unlike	o	un_ like
unlikely	a	un_ like _ly
unlikely	r	un_ like _ly
unlimited	a	un_ limit _ed
unlimited	v	un_ limit _ed
unlisted	a	un_ list _ed
unloaded	v	unload _ed
unloading	v	unload _ing
unloads	v	unload _es
unlocked	v	unlock _ed
unlocking	v	unlock _ing
unlocks	v	unlock _es
unloosed	v	unloose _ed
unloosened	v	unloosen _ed
unlooses	v	unloose _es
unmade	a	un_ made
unmade	n	un_ made
unmade	v	un_ made
unmanly	a	un_ man _ly
unmanly	r	un_ man _ly
unmanned	a	un_ manned
unmanned	v	un_ manned
unmanning	v	unman _ing
unmarried	a	un_ marry _ed
unmarried	v	un_ marry _ed
unmasked	v	unmask _ed
unmasking	v	unmask _ing
unmasks	v	unmask _es
unmeasured	a	un_ measure _ed
unmentionables	n	unmentionable _s
unmindful	a	un_ mind _ful
unmistakably	a	un_ mistake _able _ly
unmistakably	r	un_ mistake _able _ly
unmoved	a	un_ move _ed
unmoved	v	un_ move _ed
unnatural	a	un_ nature _al
unnaturally	a	un_ nature _al _ly
unnaturally	r	un_ nature _al _ly
unnecessarily	a	un_ necessary _ly
unnecessarily	r	un_ necessary _ly
unnecessary	a	un_ necessary
unnecessary	n	un_ necessary
unnecessary	v	un_ necessary
unnerved	v	unnerve _ed
unnerves	v	unnerve _es
unnoticed	a	un_ notice _ed
unnoticed	v	un_ notice _ed
unnumbered	a	un_ number _ed
unnumbered	v	un_ number _ed
unobtrusive	a	un_ obtrusive
unobtrusively	a	un_ obtrusive _ly
unobtrusively	r	un_ obtrusive _ly
unofficial	a	un_ office _ial
unofficially	r	un_ official _ly
unorthodox	a	un_ orthodox
unorthodox	n	un_ orthodox
unorthodox	r	un_ orthodox
unorthodox	v	un_ orthodox
unpacked	v	unpack _ed
unpacking	v	unpack _ing
unpacks	v	unpack _es
unpersons	n	unperson _s
unpicked	v	unpick _ed
unpicking	v	unpick _ing
unpicks	v	unpick _es
unpinned	v	unpin _ed
unpins	v	unpin _es
unplayable	a	un_ play _able
unpleasant	a	un_ pleasant
unpleasant	n	un_ pleasant
unpleasant	v	un_ pleasant
unpleasantly	a	un_ pleasant _ly
unpleasantly	r	un_ pleasant _ly
unpleasantness	a	un_ pleasant _ness
unpleasantness	n	un_ pleasant _ness
unplugged	v	unplug _ed
unplugging	v	unplug _ing
unplugs	v	unplug _es
unprecedentedly	a	un_ precedent _ed _ly
unprecedentedly	r	un_ precedent _ed _ly
unprejudiced	a	un_ prejudice _ed
unprejudiced	v	un_ prejudice _ed
unprepared	a	un_ prepare _ed
unprepared	v	un_ prepare _ed
unpretentious	a	un_ pretence _ous
unpretentiously	r	un_ pretence _ous _ly
unprincipled	a	un_ principle _ed
unprincipled	v	un_ principle _ed
unprintable	a	un_ printable
unprofessional	a	un_ profess _ion _al
unprofessional	n	un_ profess _ion _al
unprofessionally	r	un_ profess _ion _al _ly
unprompted	a	un_ prompt _ed
unprompted	v	un_ prompt _ed
unqualified	a	un_ qualify _ed
unqualified	v	un_ qualify _ed
unquestionable	a	un_ quest _ion _able
unquestionably	a	un_ quest _ion _able _ly
unquestionably	r	un_ quest _ion _able _ly
unquestioning	a	un_ question _ing
unquestioning	n	un_ question _ing
unquestioning	v	un_ question _ing
unquiet	a	un_ quiet
unravelled	v	unravel _ed
unravelling	v	unravel _ing
unravels	v	unravel _es
unreadable	a	un_ read _able
unreal	a	un_ real
unreal	n	un_ real
unreasonable	a	un_ reason _able
unreasonableness	a	un_ reason _able _ness
unreasonableness	n	un_ reason _able _ness
unreasonably	a	un_ reason _able _ly
unreasonably	r	un_ reason _able _ly
unreeled	v	unreel _ed
unreeling	v	unreel _ing
unrelentingly	a	un_ relent _ing _ly
unrelentingly	r	un_ relent _ing _ly
unreliable	a	un_ reliable
unrelieved	a	un_ relieve _ed
unrelieved	v	un_ relieve _ed
unremittingly	r	un_ remit _ing _ly
unrequited	a	un_ requit _ed
unrequited	v	un_ requit _ed
unreserved	a	un_ reserve _ed
unreserved	v	un_ reserve _ed
unreservedly	a	un_ reserved _ly
unreservedly	r	un_ reserved _ly
unrestrained	a	un_ restrain _ed
unrestrained	v	un_ restrain _ed
unrestricted	a	un_ restrict _ed
unrestricted	v	un_ restrict _ed
unrolled	v	unroll _ed
unrolling	v	unroll _ing
unrolls	v	unroll _es
unruliness	a	un_ ruly _ness
unruliness	n	un_ ruly _ness
unsaddled	v	unsaddle _ed
unsafest	a	unsafe _st
unsavoury	a	un_ savour _y
unsavoury	n	un_ savour _y
unsavoury	r	un_ savour _y
unsaying	v	unsay _ing
unscrambled	v	unscramble _ed
unscrewed	v	unscrew _ed
unscrewing	v	unscrew _ing
unscrews	v	unscrew _es
unscrupulous	a	un_ scruple _ous
unscrupulously	r	unscruple _ous _ly
unscrupulousness	n	un_ scruple _ous _ness
unsealed	v	unseal _ed
unsealing	v	unseal _ing
unseasoned	a	un_ season _ed
unseated	v	unseat _ed
unseating	v	unseat _ing
unseats	v	unseat _es
unseemly	a	un_ seem _ly
unseemly	n	un_ seem _ly
unseemly	r	un_ seem _ly
unseen	a	un_ seen
unseen	n	un_ seen
unseen	o	un_ seen
unseen	v	un_ seen
unsettled	a	un_ settle _ed
unsettled	v	un_ settle _ed
unsettles	v	unsettle _es
unsheathed	v	unsheathe _ed
unsheathes	v	unsheathe _es
unskilled	a	un_ skill _ed
unskilled	o	un_ skill _ed
unskilled	v	un_ skill _ed
unsociable	a	un_ social _ible
unsocial	a	un_ social
unsold	a	un_ sold
unsold	n	un_ sold
unsold	r	un_ sold
unsold	v	un_ sold
unsophisticated	a	un_ sophisticate _ed
unsound	a	un_ sound
unsound	n	un_ sound
unsound	o	un_ sound
unsound	r	un_ sound
unsound	v	un_ sound
unsparingly	r	un_ spare _ing _ly
unspeakably	a	un_ speak _able _ly
unspeakably	r	un_ speak _able _ly
unstraps	v	unstrap _es
unstuck	a	un_ stuck
unstuck	n	un_ stuck
unstuck	r	un_ stuck
untangled	v	untangle _ed
untangles	v	untangle _es
untenable	a	un_ tenable
unthinkable	a	un_ think _able
unthinking	a	un_ thinking
unthinking	n	un_ thinking
unthinking	v	un_ thinking
unthinkingly	r	un_ thinking _ly
untidily	a	un_ tidy _ly
untidily	r	un_ tidy _ly
untidy	a	un_ tidy
untidy	n	un_ tidy
untied	v	untie _ed
unties	v	untie _es
untimely	a	un_ time _ly
untimely	r	un_ time _ly
untold	a	un_ told
untold	n	un_ told
untold	r	un_ told
untouchable	a	un_ touch _able
untouchables	n	un_ touch _able _s
untruthful	a	un_ truth _ful
untruthfully	r	un_ truth _ful _ly
untruths	n	untruth _s
untwisted	v	untwist _ed
untwisting	v	untwist _ing
unused	a	un_ used
unused	v	un_ used
unusual	a	un_ usual
unusually	a	un_ usual _ly
unusually	r	un_ usual _ly
unutterably	a	un_ utter _able _ly
unutterably	r	un_ utter _able _ly
unveiled	v	unveil _ed
unveiling	v	unveil _ing
unveils	v	unveil _es
unwed	a	un_ wed
unwilling	a	un_ will _ing
unwilling	n	un_ will _ing
unwilling	v	un_ will _ing
unwinding	v	unwind _ing
unwinds	v	unwind _es
unwittingly	r	un_ wit _ing _ly
unwittingly	v	un_ wit _ing _ly
unwonted	a	un_ wonted
unwrapped	v	unwrap _ed
unwrapping	v	unwrap _ing
unwraps	v	unwrap _es
unwritten	a	un_ written
unwritten	n	un_ written
unyoked	v	unyoke _ed
unzipped	v	unzip _ed
unzipping	v	unzip _ing
unzips	v	unzip _es
upbraided	v	upbraid _ed
upbraiding	v	upbraid _ing
upbraids	v	upbraid _es
upbringings	n	upbringing _s
upchucking	v	upchuck _ing
updated	v	update _ed
updates	n	update _s
updates	v	update _es
updrafts	n	updraft _s
upended	v	upend _ed
upending	v	upend _ing
upends	v	upend _es
upgraded	v	upgrade _ed
upgrades	n	upgrade _s
upgrades	v	upgrade _es
upheavals	n	upheaval _s
uphills	n	uphill _s
upholder	n	uphold _er
upholders	n	uphold _er _s
upholding	v	uphold _ing
upholds	v	uphold _es
upholstered	v	upholster _ed
upholsterer	a	upholster _er
upholsterer	n	upholster _er
upholsterers	n	upholster _er _s
upholstering	v	upholster _ing
upholsters	v	upholster _es
uplands	n	upland _s
uplifted	v	uplift _ed
uplifting	v	uplift _ing
uplifts	n	uplift _s
uplifts	v	uplift _es
uploaded	v	upload _ed
uploading	v	upload _ing
uploads	v	upload _es
upped	v	up _ed
upper	a	up _er
upper	n	up _er
upper	o	up _er
upper	v	up _er
uppercuts	n	uppercut _s
uppers	n	up _er _s
upping	v	up _ing
upraised	v	upraise _ed
uprightly	r	upright _ly
uprightness	a	upright _ness
uprightness	n	upright _ness
uprights	n	upright _s
uprisings	n	uprising _s
uproarious	a	uproar _ous
uproariously	r	up_ roar _ous _ly
uproars	n	uproar _s
uprooted	v	uproot _ed
uprooting	v	uproot _ing
uproots	v	uproot _es
ups	v	up _es
upsets	n	upset _s
upsets	v	upset _es
upsetting	v	upset _ing
upshots	n	upshot _s
upsides	n	upside _s
upsilons	n	upsilon _s
upstaged	v	upstage _ed
upstages	n	upstage _s
upstages	v	upstage _es
upstarts	n	upstart _s
upstrokes	n	upstroke _s
upsurges	n	upsurge _s
upthrusts	n	upthrust _s
upticks	n	uptick _s
upturns	n	upturn _s
urbanest	a	urban _est
urbanity	n	urbane _ity
urbanized	v	urbanize _ed
urbanizes	v	urbanize _es
urchins	n	urchin _s
ureters	n	ureter _s
urged	v	urge _ed
urgently	a	urgent _ly
urgently	r	urgent _ly
urges	n	urge _s
urges	v	urge _es
uric	a	urine _ic
urinals	n	urinal _s
urinated	v	urinate _ed
urinates	v	urinate _es
urination	a	urinate _ion
urination	n	urinate _ion
urns	n	urn _s
urologists	n	urologist _s
usable	a	use _able
usages	n	usage _s
used	v	use _ed
useful	a	use _ful
useful	n	use _ful
usefully	a	use _ful _ly
usefully	r	use _ful _ly
usefulness	a	use _ful _ness
usefulness	n	use _ful _ness
useless	a	use _less
useless	n	use _less
useless	r	use _less
useless	v	use _less
uselessly	r	use _less _ly
uselessness	a	use _less _ness
uselessness	n	use _less _ness
user	a	use _er
user	n	use _er
user	o	use _er
user	r	use _er
user	v	use _er
users	n	use _er _s
uses	v	use _es
ushered	v	usher _ed
usherettes	n	usherette _s
ushering	v	usher _ing
ushers	n	usher _s
ushers	v	usher _es
usually	r	usual _ly
usurers	n	usurer _s
usurious	a	usury _ous
usurped	v	usurp _ed
usurper	a	usurp _er
usurper	n	usurp _er
usurpers	n	usurp _er _s
usurping	v	usurp _ing
usurps	v	usurp _es
utensils	n	utensil _s
utilitarians	n	utilitarian _s
utilized	v	utilize _ed
utilizes	v	utilize _es
utopias	n	utopia _s
utterances	n	utterance _s
uttered	v	utter _ed
uttering	v	utter _ing
utterly	a	utter _ly
utterly	n	utter _ly
utterly	r	utter _ly
utters	v	utter _es
vacantly	r	vacant _ly
vacated	v	vacate _ed
vacates	v	vacate _es
vacation	n	vacate _ion
vacation	v	vacate _ion
vacationed	v	vacate _ion _ed
vacationer	n	vacate _ion _er
vacationers	n	vacate _ion _er _s
vacationing	v	vacate _ion _ing
vacations	n	vacate _ion _s
vacations	v	vacate _ion _es
vaccinated	v	vaccinate _ed
vaccinates	v	vaccinate _es
vaccination	n	vaccinate _ion
vaccinations	n	vaccinate _ion _s
vaccines	n	vaccine _s
vacillated	v	vacillate _ed
vacillates	v	vacillate _es
vacillation	n	vacillate _ion
vacillations	n	vacillate _ion _s
vacs	n	vac _s
vacuity	n	vacuous _ity
vacuoles	n	vacuole _s
vacuously	r	vacuous _ly
vacuumed	v	vacuum _ed
vacuuming	v	vacuum _ing
vacuums	n	vacuum _s
vacuums	v	vacuum _es
vagabonds	n	vagabond _s
vagabonds	v	vagabond _es
vaginal	a	vagina _al
vaginal	n	vagina _al
vaginas	n	vagina _s
vagrants	n	vagrant _s
vaguely	a	vague _ly
vaguely	r	vague _ly
vagueness	a	vague _ness
vagueness	n	vague _ness
vaguer	a	vague _r
vaguest	a	vague _st
vainer	a	vain _er
vainest	a	vain _est
vainglorious	a	vainglory _ous
vainly	r	vain _ly
valances	n	valance _s
valedictions	n	valediction _s
valedictorians	n	valedictorian _s
valences	n	valence _s
valentines	n	valentine _s
vales	n	vale _s
valeted	v	valet _ed
valeting	v	valet _ing
valets	n	valet _s
valiantly	r	valiant _ly
validated	v	validate _ed
validates	v	validate _es
validation	n	valid _ate _ion
validations	n	valid _ate _ion _s
validity	n	valid _ity
validity	v	valid _ity
validly	r	valid _ly
valises	n	valise _s
valleys	n	valley _s
valorous	a	valour _ous
valuable	a	value _able
valuable	n	value _able
valuables	n	value _able _s
valuated	v	valuate _ed
valuations	n	valuation _s
valued	v	value _ed
valueless	a	value _less
valueless	n	value _less
valueless	r	value _less
valueless	v	value _less
valuer	n	value _er
valuers	n	value _er _s
values	n	value _s
values	v	value _es
valves	n	valve _s
vamped	v	vamp _ed
vamping	v	vamp _ing
vampires	n	vampire _s
vamps	n	vamp _s
vamps	v	vamp _es
vandalized	v	vandal _ize _ed
vandalizes	v	vandalize _es
vandals	n	vandal _s
vanes	n	vane _s
vanguards	n	vanguard _s
vanillas	n	vanilla _s
vanished	v	vanish _ed
vanishes	v	vanish _es
vanishing	v	vanish _ing
vanity	n	vain _ity
vanquished	v	vanquish _ed
vanquishers	n	vanquisher _s
vanquishes	v	vanquish _es
vanquishing	v	vanquish _ing
vans	n	van _s
vantages	n	vantage _s
vaporize	v	vapour _ize
vaporized	v	vapour _ize _ed
vaporizers	n	vaporizer _s
vaporizes	v	vapour _ize _es
vaporous	a	vapour _ous
vapours	n	vapour _s
vaqueros	n	vaquero _s
variability	n	vary _able _ity
variable	a	vary _able
variable	n	vary _able
variable	o	vary _able
variables	n	vary _able _s
variably	r	vary _able _ly
variances	n	variance _s
variants	n	variant _s
variations	n	variation _s
variegated	v	variegate _ed
variegation	n	variegate _ion
varietals	n	varietal _s
various	a	vary _ous
variously	r	vary _ous _ly
varlets	n	varlet _s
varmints	n	varmint _s
varnished	v	varnish _ed
varnishes	n	varnish _s
varnishing	v	varnish _ing
vars	n	var _s
varying	v	vary _ing
vases	n	vas _s
vassals	n	vassal _s
vaster	a	vast _er
vastest	a	vast _est
vastly	r	vast _ly
vastness	n	vast _ness
vastness	v	vast _ness
vats	n	vat _s
vaudevillians	n	vaudevillian _s
vaulted	v	vault _ed
vaulter	n	vault _er
vaulters	n	vault _er _s
vaulting	v	vault _ing
vaults	n	vault _s
vaults	v	vault _es
vaunted	v	vaunt _ed
vaunting	v	vaunt _ing
vaunts	n	vaunt _s
vaunts	v	vaunt _es
vectors	n	vector _s
veered	v	veer _ed
veering	v	veer _ing
veers	v	veer _es
vegans	n	vegan _s
vegetables	n	vegetable _s
vegetarians	n	vegetarian _s
vegetated	v	vegetate _ed
vegetation	n	vegetate _ion
veggies	n	veggie _s
vehemently	r	vehement _ly
vehicles	n	vehicle _s
veiled	v	veil _ed
veiling	v	veil _ing
veils	n	veil _s
veils	v	veil _es
veined	v	vein _ed
veining	v	vein _ing
veins	n	vein _s
veins	v	vein _es
velds	n	veld _s
velocipedes	n	velocipede _s
velodromes	n	velodrome _s
velours	n	velour _s
velvety	a	velvet _y
velvety	n	velvet _y
venality	n	venal _ity
vendettas	n	vendetta _s
vending	v	vend _ing
vendors	n	vendor _s
veneered	v	veneer _ed
veneering	v	veneer _ing
veneers	n	veneer _s
venerable	a	venerate _able
venerable	n	venerate _able
venerated	v	venerate _ed
venerates	v	venerate _es
veneration	n	venerate _ion
vengefully	r	venge _ful _ly
venomous	a	venom _ous
venomously	r	venom _ous _ly
venous	a	vein _ous
vented	v	vent _ed
ventilated	v	ventilate _ed
ventilates	v	ventilate _es
ventilation	a	ventilate _ion
ventilation	n	ventilate _ion
ventilators	n	ventilator _s
venting	v	vent _ing
ventricles	n	ventricle _s
ventriloquist	n	ventriloquism _ist
ventriloquists	n	ventriloquism _ist _s
vents	n	vent _s
vents	v	vent _es
ventured	v	venture _ed
ventures	n	venture _s
ventures	v	venture _es
venturous	a	venture _ous
venues	n	venue _s
veracity	n	veracious _ity
verandas	n	veranda _s
verbal	a	verb _al
verbal	n	verb _al
verbal	o	verb _al
verbal	r	verb _al
verbal	v	verb _al
verbalize	v	verb _al _ize
verbalized	v	verb _al _ize _ed
verbally	r	verb _al _ly
verbenas	n	verbena _s
verbosity	n	verbose _ity
verbs	n	verb _s
verdicts	n	verdict _s
verged	v	verge _ed
vergers	n	verger _s
verges	n	verge _s
verges	v	verge _es
verifiable	a	verify _able
verifying	v	verify _ing
verily	r	very _ly
veritably	r	verity _able _ly
verminous	a	vermin _ous
vernaculars	n	vernacular _s
verrucae	n	verruca _e
verrucas	n	verruca _s
versatility	n	versatile _ity
versed	v	verse _ed
verses	n	verse _s
verses	v	verse _es
versifier	n	versify _er
versifiers	n	versify _er _s
versifying	v	versify _ing
versions	n	version _s
vertebrae	n	vertebra _e
vertebral	a	vertebra _al
vertebrates	n	vertebrate _s
vertexes	n	vertex _s
vertically	n	vertical _ly
vertically	r	vertical _ly
verticals	n	vertical _s
vesicles	n	vesicle _s
vespers	n	vesper _s
vessels	n	vessel _s
vestals	n	vestal _s
vested	v	vest _ed
vestibules	n	vestibule _s
vestiges	n	vestige _s
vesting	v	vest _ing
vestment	a	vest _ment
vestment	n	vest _ment
vestments	n	vest _ment _s
vests	n	vest _s
vests	v	vest _es
vetches	n	vetch _s
veterans	n	veteran _s
veterinarians	n	veterinarian _s
vetoed	v	veto _ed
vetoes	n	veto _s
vetoes	v	veto _es
vetoing	v	veto _ing
vets	n	vet _s
vets	v	vet _es
vetted	v	vet _ed
vetting	v	vet _ing
vexations	n	vexation _s
vexatious	a	vexation _ous
vexed	v	vex _ed
vexes	v	vex _es
vexing	v	vex _ing
viability	n	viable _ity
viaducts	n	viaduct _s
vials	n	vial _s
viands	n	viand _s
vibes	n	vibe _s
vibrantly	r	vibrant _ly
vibraphones	n	vibraphone _s
vibrated	v	vibrate _ed
vibrates	v	vibrate _es
vibrations	n	vibration _s
vibrators	n	vibrator _s
vibratos	n	vibrato _s
viburnums	n	viburnum _s
vicarages	n	vicarage _s
vicariously	r	vicarious _ly
vicars	n	vicar _s
viceroys	n	viceroy _s
vices	n	vice _s
vicious	a	vice _ous
vicious	n	vice _ous
vicious	v	vice _ous
viciously	r	vice _ous _ly
viciousness	a	vice _ous _ness
viciousness	n	vice _ous _ness
viciousness	v	vice _ous _ness
vicissitudes	n	vicissitude _s
victimize	a	victim _ize
victimize	o	victim _ize
victimize	v	victim _ize
victimized	v	victim _ize _ed
victimizes	v	victim _ize _es
victims	n	victim _s
victorious	a	victory _ous
victorious	v	victory _ous
victoriously	r	victor _y _ous _ly
victors	n	victor _s
victualled	v	victual _ed
victualling	v	victual _ing
victuals	n	victual _s
vicunas	n	vicuna _s
videocassettes	n	videocassette _s
videodiscs	n	videodisc _s
videos	n	video _s
videotaped	v	videotape _ed
videotapes	n	videotape _s
videotapes	v	videotape _es
vied	v	vie _ed
vies	v	vie _es
viewed	v	view _ed
viewer	a	view _er
viewer	n	view _er
viewer	o	view _er
viewer	v	view _er
viewers	n	view _er _s
viewfinders	n	viewfinder _s
viewing	v	view _ing
viewings	n	viewing _s
viewings	v	view _es
viewpoints	n	viewpoint _s
views	n	view _s
views	v	view _es
vigilantes	n	vigilante _s
vigilantly	r	vigilant _ly
vigils	n	vigil _s
vignettes	n	vignette _s
vigorous	a	vigour _ous
vigorously	n	vigour _ous _ly
vigorously	r	vigour _ous _ly
vikings	n	viking _s
vilely	r	vile _ly
vileness	a	vile _ness
vileness	n	vile _ness
vileness	o	vile _ness
vilest	a	vile _st
vilifying	v	vilify _ing
villagers	n	villager _s
villages	n	village _s
villainous	a	villain _ous
villains	n	villain _s
villas	n	villa _s
villeins	n	villein _s
vindicated	v	vindicate _ed
vindicates	v	vindicate _es
vindications	n	vindication _s
vindicators	n	vindicator _s
vindictively	r	vindictive _ly
vindictiveness	n	vindicate _ive _ness
vinegary	a	vinegar _y
vines	n	vine _s
vineyards	n	vineyard _s
vintages	n	vintage _s
vintners	n	vintner _s
vinyls	n	vinyl _s
violas	n	viola _s
violated	v	violate _ed
violates	v	violate _es
violations	n	violation _s
violators	n	violator _s
violently	a	violent _ly
violently	n	violent _ly
violently	r	violent _ly
violets	n	violet _s
violinist	a	violin _ist
violinist	n	violin _ist
violinist	v	violin _ist
violinists	n	violin _ist _s
violins	n	violin _s
viols	n	viol _s
vipers	n	viper _s
vireos	n	vireo _s
virginal	a	virgin _al
virginal	n	virgin _al
virginity	n	virgin _ity
virgins	n	virgin _s
virility	n	virile _ity
virologists	n	virology _ist _s
virtual	a	virtue _al
virtually	r	virtue _al _ly
virtues	n	virtue _s
virtuosity	n	virtuoso _ity
virtuous	a	virtue _ous
virtuously	r	virtue _ous _ly
virulently	r	virulent _ly
viruses	n	virus _s
visages	n	visage _s
visas	n	visa _s
visas	v	visa _es
visceral	a	viscera _al
visceral	n	viscera _al
viscosity	n	viscous _ity
viscountesses	n	viscountess _s
viscounts	n	viscount _s
vises	n	vise _s
visibility	a	visible _ity
visibility	n	visible _ity
visibly	a	visible _ly
visibly	n	visible _ly
visibly	r	visible _ly
visibly	v	visible _ly
visions	n	vision _s
visitations	n	visitation _s
visited	v	visit _ed
visiting	v	visit _ing
visitors	n	visitor _s
visits	n	visit _s
visits	v	visit _es
visors	n	visor _s
vistas	n	vista _s
visualizations	n	visualization _s
visualize	a	visual _ize
visualize	v	visual _ize
visualized	v	visual _ize _ed
visualizes	v	visual _ize _es
visually	n	visual _ly
visually	r	visual _ly
vitality	n	vital _ity
vitalized	v	vitalize _ed
vitally	r	vital _ly
vitamins	n	vitamin _s
vitiated	v	vitiate _ed
vitiates	v	vitiate _es
viticulturists	n	viticulturist _s
vitrines	n	vitrine _s
vitriolic	a	vitriol _ic
vitriolic	n	vitriol _ic
vivacity	n	vivacious _ity
vivariums	n	vivarium _s
vivas	n	viva _s
vividly	a	vivid _ly
vividly	r	vivid _ly
vividness	n	vivid _ness
vivifying	v	vivify _ing
vivisected	v	vivisect _ed
vivisecting	v	vivisect _ing
vivisection	n	vivisect _ion
vivisectionist	a	vivisect _ion _ist
vivisectionist	n	vivisect _ion _ist
vivisectionists	n	vivisect _ion _ist _s
vivisects	v	vivisect _es
vixens	n	vixen _s
viziers	n	vizier _s
vocables	n	vocable _s
vocalist	a	vocal _ist
vocalist	n	vocal _ist
vocalist	v	vocal _ist
vocalists	n	vocal _ist _s
vocalizations	n	vocalization _s
vocalize	v	vocal _ize
vocalized	v	vocal _ize _ed
vocalizes	v	vocal _ize _es
vocally	r	vocal _ly
vocals	n	vocal _s
vocational	a	vocation _al
vocational	n	vocation _al
vocations	n	vocation _s
vociferated	v	vociferate _ed
vociferously	r	vociferous _ly
vodkas	n	vodka _s
vogues	n	vogue _s
voiced	v	voice _ed
voiceless	a	voice _less
voiceless	n	voice _less
voiceless	v	voice _less
voicemails	n	voicemail _s
voices	n	voice _s
voices	v	voice _es
voided	v	void _ed
voiding	v	void _ing
voids	n	void _s
voids	v	void _es
volatility	n	volatile _ity
volcanic	a	volcano _ic
volcanic	n	volcano _ic
volcanoes	n	volcano _s
voles	n	vole _s
volitional	a	volition _al
volleyed	v	volley _ed
volleying	v	volley _ing
volleys	n	volley _s
volleys	v	volley _es
voltages	n	voltage _s
volts	n	volt _s
volubility	n	voluble _ity
volubly	r	voluble _ly
volumes	n	volume _s
voluminous	a	volume _ous
voluminously	r	volume _ous _ly
voluntarily	a	voluntary _ly
voluntarily	n	voluntary _ly
voluntarily	r	voluntary _ly
volunteered	v	volunteer _ed
volunteering	v	volunteer _ing
volunteers	n	volunteer _s
volunteers	v	volunteer _es
voluptuously	r	voluptuous _ly
voluptuousness	n	voluptuous _ness
volutes	n	volute _s
vomited	v	vomit _ed
vomiting	v	vomit _ing
vomits	n	vomit _s
vomits	v	vomit _es
voodoos	n	voodoo _s
voraciously	r	voracious _ly
voracity	n	voracious _ity
vortexes	n	vortex _s
voted	v	vote _ed
voter	a	vote _er
voter	n	vote _er
voter	r	vote _er
voter	v	vote _er
voters	n	vote _er _s
votes	n	vote _s
votes	v	vote _es
vouched	v	vouch _ed
vouchers	n	voucher _s
vouches	v	vouch _es
vouching	v	vouch _ing
vouchsafed	v	vouchsafe _ed
vouchsafes	v	vouchsafe _es
vowed	v	vow _ed
vowels	n	vowel _s
vowing	v	vow _ing
vows	n	vow _s
vows	v	vow _es
voyaged	v	voyage _ed
voyager	a	voyage _er
voyager	n	voyage _er
voyagers	n	voyage _er _s
voyages	n	voyage _s
voyages	v	voyage _es
voyeurs	n	voyeur _s
vs	n	v _s
vulcanized	v	vulcanize _ed
vulgarians	n	vulgarian _s
vulgarity	n	vulgar _ity
vulgarize	v	vulgar _ize
vulgarized	v	vulgar _ize _ed
vulgarly	a	vulgar _ly
vulgarly	r	vulgar _ly
vulnerability	n	vulnerable _ity
vulnerably	a	vulnerable _ly
vulnerably	r	vulnerable _ly
vultures	n	vulture _s
vulvae	n	vulva _e
wackiness	n	wacky _ness
wackos	n	wacko _s
wadded	v	wad _ed
wadding	v	wad _ing
waddled	v	waddle _ed
waddles	n	waddle _s
waddles	v	waddle _es
waded	v	wad _ed
wader	n	wade _er
waders	n	wade _er _s
wades	n	wade _s
wades	v	wad _es
wading	v	wad _ing
wadis	n	wadi _s
wads	n	wad _s
wads	v	wad _es
wafers	n	wafer _s
waffled	v	waffle _ed
wafflers	n	waffler _s
waffles	n	waffle _s
waffles	v	waffle _es
wafted	v	waft _ed
wafting	v	waft _ing
wafts	n	waft _s
wafts	v	waft _es
waged	v	wage _ed
wager	a	wage _er
wager	n	wage _er
wager	o	wage _er
wager	v	wage _er
wagered	v	wage _er _ed
wagerers	n	wagerer _s
wagering	v	wage _er _ing
wagers	n	wage _er _s
wagers	v	wage _er _es
wages	n	wage _s
wages	v	wag _es
wagged	v	wag _ed
wagging	v	wag _ing
waggled	v	waggle _ed
waggles	v	waggle _es
waging	v	wage _ing
wagoners	n	wagoner _s
wagons	n	wagon _s
wags	n	wag _s
wags	v	wag _es
wagtails	n	wagtail _s
waifs	n	waif _s
wailed	v	wail _ed
wailers	n	wailer _s
wailing	v	wail _ing
wails	n	wail _s
wails	v	wail _es
wains	n	wain _s
wainscots	n	wainscot _s
wainwrights	n	wainwright _s
waistbands	n	waistband _s
waistcoats	n	waistcoat _s
waistlines	n	waistline _s
waists	n	waist _s
waited	v	wait _ed
waiter	a	wait _er
waiter	n	wait _er
waiter	r	wait _er
waiters	n	wait _er _s
waiting	v	wait _ing
waitresses	n	waitress _s
waitresses	v	waitress _es
waits	n	wait _s
waits	v	wait _es
waived	v	waive _ed
waiver	a	waive _er
waiver	n	waive _er
waiver	o	waive _er
waiver	r	waive _er
waiver	v	waive _er
waivers	n	waive _er _s
waives	v	waive _es
waked	v	wake _ed
wakeful	a	wake _ful
wakeful	n	wake _ful
wakefulness	n	wake _ful _ness
wakefulness	v	wake _ful _ness
wakened	v	waken _ed
wakening	v	waken _ing
wakens	v	waken _es
wakes	n	wake _s
wakes	v	wake _es
wakings	n	waking _s
wales	n	wale _s
walkabouts	n	walkabout _s
walked	v	walk _ed
walker	a	walk _er
walker	n	walk _er
walker	o	walk _er
walker	v	walk _er
walkers	n	walk _er _s
walking	v	walk _ing
walkouts	n	walkout _s
walkovers	n	walkover _s
walks	n	walk _s
walks	v	walk _es
walkways	n	walkway _s
wallahs	n	wallah _s
walled	v	wall _ed
wallets	n	wallet _s
wallflowers	n	wallflower _s
walling	v	wall _ing
walloped	v	wallop _ed
walloping	v	wallop _ing
wallopings	n	walloping _s
wallops	n	wallop _s
wallops	v	wallop _es
wallowed	v	wallow _ed
wallowing	v	wallow _ing
wallows	n	wallow _s
wallows	v	wallow _es
wallpapered	v	wallpaper _ed
wallpapering	v	wallpaper _ing
wallpapers	n	wallpaper _s
wallpapers	v	wallpaper _es
walls	n	wall _s
walls	v	wall _es
walnuts	n	walnut _s
walruses	n	walrus _s
waltzed	v	waltz _ed
waltzers	n	waltzer _s
waltzes	n	waltz _s
waltzes	v	waltz _es
waltzing	v	waltz _ing
wandered	v	wander _ed
wanderer	n	wander _er
wanderers	n	wander _er _s
wandering	v	wander _ing
wanderings	n	wandering _s
wanderlusts	n	wanderlust _s
wanders	v	wander _es
wands	n	wand _s
waned	v	wan _ed
wanes	n	wane _s
wanes	v	wan _es
wangled	v	wangle _ed
wangles	n	wangle _s
wangles	v	wangle _es
waning	v	wan _ing
wanked	v	wank _ed
wanker	n	wank _er
wankers	n	wank _er _s
wanking	v	wank _ing
wanks	n	wank _s
wanly	n	wan _ly
wanly	r	wan _ly
wannabees	n	wannabee _s
wannabes	n	wannabe _s
wanted	v	want _ed
wanting	v	want _ing
wantonly	r	wanton _ly
wantonness	a	wanton _ness
wantonness	n	wanton _ness
wantons	n	wanton _s
wants	n	want _s
wants	v	want _es
warbled	v	warble _ed
warbler	a	warble _er
warbler	n	warble _er
warblers	n	warble _er _s
warbles	n	warble _s
warbles	v	warble _es
warded	v	ward _ed
wardens	n	warden _s
warder	n	ward _er
warders	n	ward _er _s
warding	v	ward _ing
wardrobes	n	wardrobe _s
wards	n	ward _s
wards	v	ward _es
warehoused	v	warehouse _ed
warehouses	n	warehouse _s
warehouses	v	warehouse _es
wares	n	ware _s
wares	v	war _es
warheads	n	warhead _s
warhorses	n	warhorse _s
warily	n	wary _ly
warily	r	wary _ly
wariness	n	wary _ness
warlocks	n	warlock _s
warlords	n	warlord _s
warmed	v	warm _ed
warmer	a	warm _er
warmer	n	warm _er
warmer	o	warm _er
warmer	v	warm _er
warmers	n	warm _er _s
warmest	a	warm _est
warming	v	warm _ing
warmly	a	warm _ly
warmly	n	warm _ly
warmly	o	warm _ly
warmly	r	warm _ly
warmly	v	warm _ly
warmness	n	warm _ness
warmongers	n	warmonger _s
warms	v	warm _es
warned	v	warn _ed
warning	v	warn _ing
warnings	n	warning _s
warnings	v	warn _es
warns	v	warn _es
warped	v	warp _ed
warping	v	warp _ing
warplanes	n	warplane _s
warps	n	warp _s
warps	v	warp _es
warranted	v	warrant _ed
warranting	v	warrant _ing
warrants	n	warrant _s
warred	v	war _ed
warrens	n	warren _s
warring	v	war _ing
warriors	n	warrior _s
wars	n	war _s
wars	v	war _es
warships	n	warship _s
warthogs	n	warthog _s
warts	n	wart _s
warty	n	wart _y
washable	a	wash _able
washable	n	wash _able
washbasins	n	washbasin _s
washboards	n	washboard _s
washcloths	n	washcloth _s
washed	v	wash _ed
washer	a	wash _er
washer	n	wash _er
washer	o	wash _er
washer	r	wash _er
washers	n	wash _er _s
washes	n	wash _s
washes	v	wash _es
washing	v	wash _ing
washings	n	washing _s
washouts	n	washout _s
washrooms	n	washroom _s
washstands	n	washstand _s
washtubs	n	washtub _s
washy	a	wash _y
washy	n	wash _y
washy	v	wash _y
waspishly	r	waspish _ly
wasps	n	wasp _s
wassailing	v	wassail _ing
wastebaskets	n	wastebasket _s
wasted	v	waste _ed
wasteful	a	waste _ful
wasteful	n	waste _ful
wastefully	r	waste _ful _ly
wastefulness	n	waste _ful _ness
wastelands	n	wasteland _s
waster	a	waste _er
waster	n	waste _er
waster	v	waste _er
wasters	n	waste _er _s
wastes	n	waste _s
wastes	v	waste _es
wastrels	n	wastrel _s
watchbands	n	watchband _s
watchdogs	n	watchdog _s
watched	v	watch _ed
watcher	a	watch _er
watcher	n	watch _er
watcher	o	watch _er
watcher	v	watch _er
watchers	n	watch _er _s
watches	n	watch _s
watches	v	watch _es
watchful	a	watch _ful
watchful	n	watch _ful
watchful	v	watch _ful
watchfully	r	watch _ful _ly
watchfulness	a	watch _ful _ness
watchfulness	n	watch _ful _ness
watching	v	watch _ing
watchmakers	n	watchmaker _s
watchstraps	n	watchstrap _s
watchtowers	n	watchtower _s
watchwords	n	watchword _s
waterbirds	n	waterbird _s
watercolours	n	watercolour _s
watercolours	v	watercolour _es
watercourses	n	watercourse _s
watered	v	water _ed
waterfalls	n	waterfall _s
waterfronts	n	waterfront _s
watering	v	water _ing
waterlines	n	waterline _s
watermarks	n	watermark _s
watermelons	n	watermelon _s
waterproofed	v	waterproof _ed
waterproofing	v	waterproof _ing
waterproofs	n	waterproof _s
waterproofs	v	waterproof _es
waters	n	water _s
waters	v	water _es
watersheds	n	watershed _s
watersides	n	waterside _s
waterspouts	n	waterspout _s
waterways	n	waterway _s
waterwheels	n	waterwheel _s
watery	a	water _y
watery	n	water _y
watery	r	water _y
watery	v	water _y
wattled	v	wattle _ed
wattles	n	wattle _s
watts	n	watt _s
wavebands	n	waveband _s
waved	v	wave _ed
wavelengths	n	wavelength _s
wavelets	n	wavelet _s
waver	n	wave _er
waver	o	wave _er
waver	r	wave _er
waver	v	wave _er
wavered	v	wave _er _ed
waverer	n	wave _er _er
waverers	n	wave _er _er _s
wavering	v	wave _er _ing
wavers	n	wave _er _s
wavers	v	wave _er _es
waves	n	wave _s
waves	v	wave _es
waviness	n	wave _ness
wavy	a	wave _y
wavy	n	wave _y
wavy	o	wave _y
wavy	v	wave _y
waxed	v	wax _ed
waxes	n	wax _s
waxes	v	wax _es
waxing	v	wax _ing
waxwings	n	waxwing _s
waxworks	n	waxwork _s
waxy	a	wax _y
waxy	n	wax _y
waxy	v	wax _y
wayfarers	n	wayfarer _s
waylaying	v	waylay _ing
waylays	v	waylay _es
ways	n	way _s
waysides	n	wayside _s
weakened	v	weaken _ed
weakening	v	weaken _ing
weakens	v	weaken _es
weaker	a	weak _er
weakest	a	weak _est
weaklings	n	weakling _s
weakly	a	weak _ly
weakly	n	weak _ly
weakly	o	weak _ly
weakly	r	weak _ly
weakly	v	weak _ly
weakness	n	weak _ness
weaknesses	n	weak _ness _s
weals	n	weal _s
wealthy	a	wealth _y
wealthy	n	wealth _y
wealthy	o	wealth _y
wealthy	v	wealth _y
weaned	v	wean _ed
weaning	v	wean _ing
weans	v	wean _es
weaponized	v	weaponize _ed
weaponizes	v	weaponize _es
weapons	n	weapon _s
wearable	a	wear _able
wearable	n	wear _able
wearer	n	wear _er
wearers	n	wear _er _s
wearily	n	weary _ly
wearily	r	weary _ly
weariness	a	weary _ness
weariness	n	weary _ness
weariness	v	weary _ness
wearing	v	wear _ing
wearings	n	wearing _s
wears	n	wear _s
wears	v	wear _es
wearying	v	weary _ing
weasels	n	weasel _s
weatherboards	n	weatherboard _s
weathered	v	weather _ed
weathering	v	weather _ing
weatherproofed	v	weatherproof _ed
weatherproofing	v	weatherproof _ing
weatherproofs	v	weatherproof _es
weathers	n	weather _s
weathers	v	weather _es
weaved	v	weave _ed
weaver	a	weave _er
weaver	n	weave _er
weaver	o	weave _er
weaver	r	weave _er
weaver	v	weave _er
weavers	n	weave _er _s
weaves	n	weave _s
weaves	v	weave _es
webbed	v	web _ed
webbing	v	web _ing
webcams	n	webcam _s
webmasters	n	webmaster _s
webs	n	web _s
webs	v	web _es
websites	n	website _s
wedded	v	wed _ed
wedding	v	wed _ing
weddings	n	wedding _s
wedged	v	wedge _ed
wedges	n	wedge _s
wedges	v	wedge _es
wedgies	n	wedgie _s
weds	n	wed _s
weds	v	wed _es
weeded	v	weed _ed
weeders	n	weeder _s
weeding	v	weed _ing
weedkillers	n	weedkiller _s
weeds	n	weed _s
weeds	v	weed _es
weedy	a	weed _y
weedy	n	weed _y
weeing	v	wee _ing
weekdays	n	weekday _s
weekended	v	weekend _ed
weekender	n	weekend _er
weekenders	n	weekend _er _s
weekending	v	weekend _ing
weekends	n	weekend _s
weekends	v	weekend _es
weeknights	n	weeknight _s
weeks	n	week _s
weenies	n	weenie _s
weepers	n	weeper _s
weeping	v	weep _ing
weepings	n	weeping _s
weeps	v	weep _es
weepy	a	weep _y
weepy	n	weep _y
weepy	o	weep _y
weepy	r	weep _y
wees	n	wee _s
wees	v	wee _es
weevils	n	weevil _s
wefts	n	weft _s
weighbridges	n	weighbridge _s
weighed	v	weigh _ed
weighing	v	weigh _ing
weighs	v	weigh _es
weighted	v	weight _ed
weighting	v	weight _ing
weightings	n	weighting _s
weightless	a	weight _less
weightless	n	weight _less
weightlessness	a	weight _less _ness
weightlessness	n	weight _less _ness
weightlessness	v	weight _less _ness
weightlifters	n	weightlifter _s
weightlifting	v	weightlift _ing
weights	n	weight _s
weights	v	weight _es
weighty	a	weight _y
weighty	n	weight _y
weighty	r	weight _y
weighty	v	weight _y
weirder	a	weird _er
weirdest	a	weird _est
weirdly	r	weird _ly
weirdness	n	weird _ness
weirdos	n	weirdo _s
weirs	n	weir _s
welcomed	v	welcome _ed
welcomes	n	welcome _s
welcomes	v	welcome _es
welded	v	weld _ed
welder	n	weld _er
welders	n	weld _er _s
welding	v	weld _ing
welds	n	weld _s
welds	v	weld _es
welled	v	well _ed
wellheads	n	wellhead _s
welling	v	well _ing
wellingtons	n	wellington _s
wells	n	well _s
wells	v	well _es
wellsprings	n	wellspring _s
welshed	v	welsh _ed
welshes	n	welsh _s
welshing	v	welsh _ing
welted	v	welt _ed
welters	n	welter _s
welterweights	n	welterweight _s
welts	n	welt _s
welts	v	welt _es
wenches	n	wench _s
wended	v	wend _ed
wending	v	wend _ing
wends	v	wend _es
wens	n	wen _s
westerly	a	west _ly
westerly	n	west _ly
westerly	r	west _ly
westerners	n	westerner _s
westernized	v	western _ize _ed
westerns	n	western _s
westwards	n	westward _s
wetbacks	n	wetback _s
wetlands	n	wetland _s
wetly	r	wet _ly
wetness	a	wet _ness
wetness	n	wet _ness
wetness	v	wet _ness
wets	n	wet _s
wets	v	wet _es
wetter	a	wet _er
wetters	n	wetter _s
wettest	a	wet _est
wetting	v	wet _ing
whacked	v	whack _ed
whacker	a	whack _er
whacker	n	whack _er
whackers	n	whack _er _s
whacking	v	whack _ing
whackings	n	whacking _s
whacks	n	whack _s
whacks	v	whack _es
whaled	v	whale _ed
whaler	n	whale _er
whalers	n	whale _er _s
whales	n	whale _s
whales	v	whale _es
whammed	v	wham _ed
whamming	v	wham _ing
whams	v	wham _es
wheals	n	wheal _s
wheedled	v	wheedle _ed
wheedles	v	wheedle _es
wheelbarrows	n	wheelbarrow _s
wheelbarrows	v	wheelbarrow _es
wheelbases	n	wheelbase _s
wheelchairs	n	wheelchair _s
wheeled	v	wheel _ed
wheelhouses	n	wheelhouse _s
wheeling	v	wheel _ing
wheels	n	wheel _s
wheels	v	wheel _es
wheelwrights	n	wheelwright _s
wheezed	v	wheeze _ed
wheezes	n	wheeze _s
wheezes	v	wheeze _es
wheezy	n	wheeze _y
wheezy	v	wheeze _y
whelks	n	whelk _s
whelmed	v	whelm _ed
whelming	v	whelm _ing
whelped	v	whelp _ed
whelping	v	whelp _ing
whelps	n	whelp _s
whelps	v	whelp _es
wherefores	n	wherefore _s
whets	v	whet _es
whetstones	n	whetstone _s
whetted	v	whet _ed
whetting	v	whet _ing
whiffed	v	whiff _ed
whiffing	v	whiff _ing
whiffletrees	n	whiffletree _s
whiffs	n	whiff _s
whiffs	v	whiff _es
whiles	n	while _s
whimpered	v	whimper _ed
whimpering	v	whimper _ing
whimpers	n	whimper _s
whimpers	v	whimper _es
whims	n	whim _s
whimsicality	n	whims _ical _ity
whimsically	r	whims _y _al _ly
whined	v	whine _ed
whiners	n	whine _er _s
whines	n	whine _s
whines	v	whine _es
whinnying	v	whinny _ing
whiplashes	n	whiplash _s
whipped	v	whip _ed
whippers	n	whipper _s
whippersnappers	n	whippersnapper _s
whippets	n	whippet _s
whipping	v	whip _ing
whippings	n	whipping _s
whips	n	whip _s
whips	v	whip _es
whipsawed	v	whipsaw _ed
whipsawing	v	whipsaw _ing
whirled	v	whirl _ed
whirligigs	n	whirligig _s
whirling	v	whirl _ing
whirlpools	n	whirlpool _s
whirls	n	whirl _s
whirls	v	whirl _es
whirlwinds	n	whirlwind _s
whirred	v	whir _ed
whirring	v	whir _ing
whirs	n	whir _s
whirs	v	whir _es
whisked	v	whisk _ed
whisker	n	whisk _er
whiskered	v	whisk _er _ed
whiskers	n	whisk _er _s
whiskers	v	whisker _es
whisking	v	whisk _ing
whisks	n	whisk _s
whisks	v	whisk _es
whiskys	n	whisky _s
whispered	v	whisper _ed
whisperer	n	whisper _er
whisperers	n	whisper _er _s
whispering	v	whisper _ing
whispers	n	whisper _s
whispers	v	whisper _es
whistled	v	whistle _ed
whistlers	n	whistler _s
whistles	n	whistle _s
whistles	v	whistle _es
whitecaps	n	whitecap _s
whited	v	white _ed
whiteheads	n	whitehead _s
whitened	v	whiten _ed
whiteners	n	whitener _s
whiteness	a	white _ness
whiteness	n	white _ness
whiteness	v	white _ness
whitening	v	whiten _ing
whitens	v	whiten _es
whiteouts	n	whiteout _s
whiter	a	white _r
whites	n	white _s
whites	v	white _es
whitest	a	white _st
whitetails	n	whitetail _s
whitewashed	v	whitewash _ed
whitewashes	n	whitewash _s
whitewashes	v	whitewash _es
whitewashing	v	whitewash _ing
whiteys	n	whitey _s
whitings	n	whiting _s
whits	n	whit _s
whittled	v	whittle _ed
whittles	n	whittle _s
whittles	v	whittle _es
whizzbangs	n	whizzbang _s
whizzed	v	whiz _ed
whizzes	n	whizz _s
whizzes	v	whiz _es
whizzing	v	whiz _ing
whodunits	n	whodunit _s
wholes	n	whole _s
wholesaler	n	wholesale _er
wholesalers	n	wholesale _er _s
wholesales	n	wholesale _s
wholesales	v	wholesale _es
wholesomeness	n	wholesome _ness
wholly	a	whole _ly
wholly	n	whole _ly
wholly	r	whole _ly
whooped	v	whoop _ed
whoopers	n	whooper _s
whooping	v	whoop _ing
whoops	n	whoop _s
whoops	v	whoop _es
whooshed	v	whoosh _ed
whooshes	n	whoosh _s
whooshes	v	whoosh _es
whooshing	v	whoosh _ing
whopped	v	whop _ed
whoppers	n	whopper _s
whopping	v	whop _ing
whorehouses	n	whorehouse _s
whores	n	whore _s
whores	v	whore _es
whorls	n	whorl _s
whys	n	why _s
wickedest	a	wicked _est
wickedly	r	wick _ed _ly
wickedness	a	wick _ed _ness
wickedness	n	wick _ed _ness
wickedness	r	wick _ed _ness
wickedness	v	wick _ed _ness
wickers	n	wicker _s
wickets	n	wicket _s
wicks	n	wick _s
widely	r	wide _ly
widened	v	widen _ed
widening	v	widen _ing
widens	v	widen _es
wider	a	wide _r
widest	a	wide _st
widgets	n	widget _s
widowed	v	widow _ed
widower	a	widow _er
widower	n	widow _er
widowers	n	widow _er _s
widows	n	widow _s
widows	v	widow _es
widths	n	width _s
wielded	v	wield _ed
wielder	n	wield _er
wielding	v	wield _ing
wields	v	wield _es
wieners	n	wiener _s
wiggled	v	wiggle _ed
wiggler	n	wiggle _er
wigglers	n	wiggle _er _s
wiggles	n	wiggle _s
wiggles	v	wiggle _es
wights	n	wight _s
wigs	n	wig _s
wigwams	n	wigwam _s
wildcats	n	wildcat _s
wildcatters	n	wildcatter _s
wildebeests	n	wildebeest _s
wilder	a	wild _er
wildernesses	n	wilderness _s
wildest	a	wild _est
wildfires	n	wildfire _s
wildflowers	n	wildflower _s
wildly	a	wild _ly
wildly	r	wild _ly
wildness	n	wild _ness
wildness	v	wild _ness
wilds	n	wild _s
wiles	n	wile _s
wilful	a	will _ful
wilful	n	will _ful
wilfully	r	will _ful _ly
wilfulness	n	will _ful _ness
willed	v	will _ed
willing	v	will _ing
willingly	n	will _ing _ly
willingly	r	will _ing _ly
willingly	v	will _ing _ly
willingness	a	will _ing _ness
willingness	n	will _ing _ness
willingness	r	will _ing _ness
willingness	v	will _ing _ness
willows	n	willow _s
willowy	a	willow _y
willowy	n	willow _y
willowy	o	willow _y
wills	n	will _s
wills	v	will _es
wilted	v	wilt _ed
wilting	v	wilt _ing
wilts	n	wilt _s
wilts	v	wilt _es
wily	a	wile _y
wily	n	wile _y
wily	r	wile _y
wily	v	wile _y
wimples	n	wimple _s
wimps	n	wimp _s
winced	v	wince _ed
winces	n	wince _s
winces	v	wince _es
winched	v	winch _ed
winches	n	winch _s
winches	v	winch _es
winching	v	winch _ing
windbags	n	windbag _s
windbreakers	n	windbreaker _s
windbreaks	n	windbreak _s
windcheaters	n	windcheater _s
winded	v	wind _ed
winders	n	winder _s
windfalls	n	windfall _s
windflowers	n	windflower _s
winding	v	wind _ing
windjammers	n	windjammer _s
windlasses	n	windlass _s
windless	a	wind _less
windless	n	wind _less
windmills	n	windmill _s
windowpanes	n	windowpane _s
windows	n	window _s
windowsills	n	windowsill _s
windpipes	n	windpipe _s
winds	n	wind _s
winds	v	wind _es
windscreens	n	windscreen _s
windshields	n	windshield _s
windsocks	n	windsock _s
windstorms	n	windstorm _s
windsurfed	v	windsurf _ed
windsurfing	v	windsurf _ing
windups	n	windup _s
windy	a	wind _y
windy	n	wind _y
windy	o	wind _y
windy	r	wind _y
windy	v	wind _y
wined	v	win _ed
wineglasses	n	wineglass _s
winemakers	n	winemaker _s
wines	n	wine _s
wines	v	wine _es
winged	v	wing _ed
winger	a	wing _er
winger	n	wing _er
winger	o	wing _er
winger	r	wing _er
winger	v	wing _er
wingers	n	wing _er _s
winging	v	wing _ing
wingless	a	wing _less
wingless	n	wing _less
wings	n	wing _s
wings	v	wing _es
wingspans	n	wingspan _s
wining	v	wine _ing
winked	v	wink _ed
winkers	n	winker _s
winking	v	wink _ing
winkled	v	winkle _ed
winkles	n	winkle _s
winks	n	wink _s
winks	v	wink _es
winner	a	win _er
winner	n	win _er
winner	o	win _er
winner	r	win _er
winner	v	win _er
winners	n	win _er _s
winning	v	win _ing
winnings	n	win _ing _s
winnowed	v	winnow _ed
winnowing	v	winnow _ing
winnows	n	winnow _s
winnows	v	winnow _es
winos	n	wino _s
wins	n	win _s
wins	v	win _es
wintered	v	winter _ed
wintering	v	winter _ing
winterized	v	winterize _ed
winters	n	winter _s
winters	v	winter _es
wintry	a	winter _y
wintry	n	winter _y
wintry	v	winter _y
wiped	v	wipe _ed
wiper	a	wipe _er
wiper	n	wipe _er
wipers	n	wipe _er _s
wipes	n	wipe _s
wipes	v	wipe _es
wired	v	wire _ed
wirelesses	n	wireless _s
wires	n	wire _s
wires	v	wire _es
wiretaps	n	wiretap _s
wiretaps	v	wiretap _es
wiry	a	wire _y
wiry	n	wire _y
wiseacres	n	wiseacre _s
wisecracked	v	wisecrack _ed
wisecracking	v	wisecrack _ing
wisecracks	n	wisecrack _s
wisecracks	v	wisecrack _es
wisely	a	wise _ly
wisely	r	wise _ly
wisely	v	wise _ly
wiser	a	wise _r
wisest	a	wise _st
wishbones	n	wishbone _s
wished	v	wish _ed
wishes	n	wish _s
wishes	v	wish _es
wishful	a	wish _ful
wishful	n	wish _ful
wishfully	r	wish _ful _ly
wishing	v	wish _ing
wisps	n	wisp _s
wispy	a	wisp _y
wispy	n	wisp _y
wispy	v	wisp _y
wisterias	n	wisteria _s
wistfully	n	wist _ful _ly
wistfully	r	wist _ful _ly
wistfulness	a	wist _ful _ness
wistfulness	n	wist _ful _ness
witched	v	witch _ed
witches	n	witch _s
witches	v	witch _es
witching	v	witch _ing
withdrawals	n	withdrawal _s
withdrawing	v	withdraw _ing
withdrawn	v	withdraw _n
withdraws	v	withdraw _es
withered	v	wither _ed
withering	v	wither _ing
withers	v	wither _es
withholding	v	withhold _ing
withholds	v	withhold _es
withstanding	v	withstand _ing
withstands	v	withstand _es
witless	a	wit _less
witless	n	wit _less
witless	v	wit _less
witnessed	v	witness _ed
witnesses	n	witness _s
witnesses	v	witness _es
witnessing	v	witness _ing
wits	n	wit _s
witticisms	n	witticism _s
wittily	a	wit _y _ly
wittily	r	wit _y _ly
wittingly	r	wit _ing _ly
witty	a	wit _y
witty	n	wit _y
witty	r	wit _y
witty	v	wit _y
wives	v	wive _es
wizards	n	wizard _s
wobbled	v	wobble _ed
wobbles	n	wobble _s
wobbles	v	wobble _es
wobbly	a	wobble _y
wobbly	n	wobble _y
wobbly	r	wobble _y
woeful	a	woe _ful
woeful	n	woe _ful
woefully	r	woe _ful _ly
woes	n	woe _s
wogs	n	wog _s
woks	n	wok _s
wolds	n	wold _s
wolfed	v	wolf _ed
wolfhounds	n	wolfhound _s
wolfing	v	wolf _ing
wolfs	n	wolf _s
wolfs	v	wolf _es
wolverines	n	wolverine _s
womanized	v	womanize _ed
womanizer	n	woman _ize _er
womanizers	n	woman _ize _er _s
womanliness	n	woman _ly _ness
wombats	n	wombat _s
wombs	n	womb _s
wondered	v	wonder _ed
wonderful	a	wonder _ful
wonderful	n	wonder _ful
wonderful	v	wonder _ful
wonderfully	a	wonder _ful _ly
wonderfully	n	wonder _ful _ly
wonderfully	r	wonder _ful _ly
wondering	v	wonder _ing
wonderlands	n	wonderland _s
wonderment	n	wonder _ment
wonders	n	wonder _s
wonders	v	wonder _es
wonks	n	wonk _s
woodcarvers	n	woodcarver _s
woodcarvings	n	woodcarving _s
woodchucks	n	woodchuck _s
woodcocks	n	woodcock _s
woodcuts	n	woodcut _s
woodcutters	n	woodcutter _s
woodenly	r	wooden _ly
woodlands	n	woodland _s
woodpeckers	n	woodpecker _s
woodpiles	n	woodpile _s
woods	n	wood _s
woodwinds	n	woodwind _s
woodworkers	n	woodworker _s
woodworms	n	woodworm _s
woody	a	wood _y
woody	n	wood _y
woody	v	wood _y
wooed	v	woo _ed
wooer	n	woo _er
wooers	n	woo _er _s
woofer	n	woof _er
woofer	v	woof _er
woofers	n	woof _er _s
woofs	n	woof _s
wooing	v	woo _ing
woollens	n	woollen _s
woolly	a	wool _y
woolly	n	wool _y
woolly	r	wool _y
woos	v	woo _es
wops	n	wop _s
worded	v	word _ed
wordiness	n	word _y _ness
wording	v	word _ing
wordings	n	wording _s
wordless	a	word _less
wordless	n	word _less
wordless	o	word _less
wordlessly	r	word _less _ly
words	n	word _s
words	v	word _es
wordsmiths	n	wordsmith _s
wordy	a	word _y
wordy	n	word _y
wordy	v	word _y
workable	a	work _able
workable	n	work _able
workable	v	work _able
workaholics	n	workaholic _s
workbenches	n	workbench _s
workbooks	n	workbook _s
workdays	n	workday _s
worked	v	work _ed
worker	a	work _er
worker	n	work _er
worker	v	work _er
workers	n	work _er _s
workflows	n	workflow _s
workhorses	n	workhorse _s
workhouses	n	workhouse _s
working	v	work _ing
workings	n	working _s
workloads	n	workload _s
workmates	n	workmate _s
workouts	n	workout _s
workplaces	n	workplace _s
workrooms	n	workroom _s
works	n	work _s
works	v	work _es
worksheets	n	worksheet _s
workshops	n	workshop _s
workstations	n	workstation _s
worktables	n	worktable _s
workweeks	n	workweek _s
worldliness	n	world _ly _ness
worlds	n	world _s
wormed	v	worm _ed
wormholes	n	wormhole _s
worming	v	worm _ing
worms	n	worm _s
worms	v	worm _es
wormy	a	worm _y
wormy	n	worm _y
worriedly	r	worry _ed _ly
worriers	n	worrier _s
worrying	v	worry _ing
worryingly	r	worry _ing _ly
worsened	v	worsen _ed
worsening	v	worsen _ing
worsens	v	worsen _es
worshipful	a	worship _ful
worshipful	n	worship _ful
worshipped	v	worship _ed
worshipper	a	worship _er
worshipper	n	worship _er
worshipper	o	worship _er
worshippers	n	worship _er _s
worshipping	v	worship _ing
worships	n	worship _s
worships	v	worship _es
worsted	v	worst _ed
worsts	n	worst _s
worthily	r	worth _y _ly
worthiness	a	worth _y _ness
worthiness	n	worth _y _ness
worthless	a	worth _less
worthless	n	worth _less
worthless	o	worth _less
worthless	r	worth _less
worthless	v	worth _less
worthlessness	n	worth _less _ness
worthy	a	worth _y
worthy	n	worth _y
worthy	o	worth _y
worthy	r	worth _y
worthy	v	worth _y
wounded	v	wound _ed
wounding	v	wound _ing
wounds	n	wound _s
wounds	v	wound _es
wowed	v	wow _ed
wowing	v	wow _ing
wows	n	wow _s
wows	v	wow _es
wracked	v	wrack _ed
wracking	v	wrack _ing
wracks	v	wrack _es
wraiths	n	wraith _s
wrangled	v	wrangle _ed
wrangler	n	wrangle _er
wrangler	v	wrangle _er
wranglers	n	wrangle _er _s
wrangles	n	wrangle _s
wrangles	v	wrangle _es
wranglings	n	wrangling _s
wraparounds	n	wraparound _s
wrapped	v	wrap _ed
wrapper	a	wrap _er
wrapper	n	wrap _er
wrapper	o	wrap _er
wrapper	v	wrap _er
wrappers	n	wrap _er _s
wrapping	v	wrap _ing
wrappings	n	wrapping _s
wraps	n	wrap _s
wraps	v	wrap _es
wrasses	n	wrasse _s
wrathful	a	wrath _ful
wrathful	n	wrath _ful
wrathfully	r	wrath _ful _ly
wreaked	v	wreak _ed
wreaking	v	wreak _ing
wreaks	v	wreak _es
wreathed	v	wreathe _ed
wreathes	v	wreathe _es
wreaths	n	wreath _s
wrecked	v	wreck _ed
wrecker	n	wreck _er
wreckers	n	wreck _er _s
wrecking	v	wreck _ing
wrecks	n	wreck _s
wrecks	v	wreck _es
wrenched	v	wrench _ed
wrenches	n	wrench _s
wrenches	v	wrench _es
wrenching	v	wrench _ing
wrens	n	wren _s
wrested	v	wrest _ed
wresting	v	wrest _ing
wrestled	v	wrestle _ed
wrestler	n	wrestle _er
wrestler	o	wrestle _er
wrestler	v	wrestle _er
wrestlers	n	wrestle _er _s
wrestles	n	wrestle _s
wrestles	v	wrestle _es
wrests	v	wrest _es
wretchedly	r	wretch _ed _ly
wretchedness	n	wretch _ed _ness
wretchedness	v	wretch _ed _ness
wretches	n	wretch _s
wriggled	v	wriggle _ed
wriggler	n	wriggle _er
wrigglers	n	wriggle _er _s
wriggles	n	wriggle _s
wriggles	v	wriggle _es
wrights	n	wright _s
wringer	n	wring _er
wringers	n	wring _er _s
wringing	v	wring _ing
wrings	n	wring _s
wrings	v	wring _es
wrinkled	v	wrinkle _ed
wrinkles	n	wrinkle _s
wrinkles	v	wrinkle _es
wrinkly	a	wrinkle _y
wrinkly	n	wrinkle _y
wrinkly	o	wrinkle _y
wristbands	n	wristband _s
wrists	n	wrist _s
wristwatches	n	wristwatch _s
writer	a	write _er
writer	n	write _er
writer	r	write _er
writer	v	write _er
writers	n	write _er _s
writes	v	write _es
writhed	v	writhe _ed
writhes	v	writhe _es
writings	n	writing _s
writs	n	writ _s
wrongdoers	n	wrongdoer _s
wrongdoings	n	wrongdoing _s
wronged	v	wrong _ed
wrongest	a	wrong _est
wrongful	a	wrong _ful
wrongful	n	wrong _ful
wrongfully	r	wrong _ful _ly
wronging	v	wrong _ing
wrongly	r	wrong _ly
wrongly	v	wrong _ly
wrongs	n	wrong _s
wrongs	v	wrong _es
wryly	a	wry _ly
wryly	n	wry _ly
wryly	o	wry _ly
wryly	r	wry _ly
wryly	v	wry _ly
wusses	n	wuss _s
xenophobic	a	xenophobia _ic
xenophobic	n	xenophobia _ic
xenophobic	v	xenophobia _ic
xeroxes	n	xerox _s
xeroxing	v	xerox _ing
xis	n	xi _s
xylophones	n	xylophone _s
yachted	v	yacht _ed
yachting	v	yacht _ing
yachts	n	yacht _s
yahoos	n	yahoo _s
yakked	v	yak _ed
yakking	v	yak _ing
yaks	n	yak _s
yammered	v	yammer _ed
yammering	v	yammer _ing
yammers	v	yammer _es
yams	n	yam _s
yanked	v	yank _ed
yanking	v	yank _ing
yanks	n	yank _s
yanks	v	yank _es
yapped	v	yap _ed
yapping	v	yap _ing
yaps	n	yap _s
yaps	v	yap _es
yardages	n	yardage _s
yardarms	n	yardarm _s
yards	n	yard _s
yardsticks	n	yardstick _s
yarmulkes	n	yarmulke _s
yarns	n	yarn _s
yarns	v	yarn _es
yawed	v	yaw _ed
yawing	v	yaw _ing
yawls	n	yawl _s
yawned	v	yawn _ed
yawners	n	yawner _s
yawning	v	yawn _ing
yawns	n	yawn _s
yawns	v	yawn _es
yaws	n	yaw _s
yaws	v	yaw _es
yearbooks	n	yearbook _s
yearlings	n	yearling _s
yearly	a	year _ly
yearly	r	year _ly
yearned	v	yearn _ed
yearning	v	yearn _ing
yearnings	n	yearning _s
yearns	v	yearn _es
years	n	year _s
yeas	n	yea _s
yeasts	n	yeast _s
yeasty	a	yeast _y
yeasty	n	yeast _y
yelled	v	yell _ed
yelling	v	yell _ing
yellowed	v	yellow _ed
yellower	a	yellow _er
yellowhammers	n	yellowhammer _s
yellowing	v	yellow _ing
yellowness	n	yellow _ness
yellows	n	yellow _s
yellows	v	yellow _es
yells	n	yell _s
yells	v	yell _es
yelped	v	yelp _ed
yelping	v	yelp _ing
yelps	n	yelp _s
yelps	v	yelp _es
yens	n	yen _s
yeses	n	yes _s
yeshivas	n	yeshiva _s
yesterdays	n	yesterday _s
yetis	n	yeti _s
yews	n	yew _s
yids	n	yid _s
yielded	v	yield _ed
yielding	v	yield _ing
yields	n	yield _s
yields	v	yield _es
yips	n	yip _s
yips	v	yip _es
yobbos	n	yobbo _s
yobs	n	yob _s
yodelled	v	yodel _ed
yodellers	n	yodeller _s
yodelling	v	yodel _ing
yodels	n	yodel _s
yodels	v	yodel _es
yogis	n	yogi _s
yoked	v	yoke _ed
yokels	n	yokel _s
yokes	n	yoke _s
yokes	v	yoke _es
yolks	n	yolk _s
younger	a	young _er
youngest	a	young _est
youngsters	n	youngster _s
youthful	a	youth _ful
youthful	n	youth _ful
youthful	v	youth _ful
youthfully	r	youth _ful _ly
youthfulness	n	youth _ful _ness
youths	n	youth _s
yowled	v	yowl _ed
yowling	v	yowl _ing
yowls	n	yowl _s
yowls	v	yowl _es
yrs	n	yr _s
yuccas	n	yucca _s
yuppies	n	yuppie _s
yurts	n	yurt _s
zapped	v	zap _ed
zappers	n	zapper _s
zapping	v	zap _ing
zaps	n	zap _s
zaps	v	zap _es
zealots	n	zealot _s
zealous	a	zeal _ous
zealous	n	zeal _ous
zealously	r	zeal _ous _ly
zealously	v	zeal _ous _ly
zebras	n	zebra _s
zebus	n	zebu _s
zeds	n	zed _s
zeitgeists	n	zeitgeist _s
zeniths	n	zenith _s
zens	n	zen _s
zeolites	n	zeolite _s
zephyrs	n	zephyr _s
zeppelins	n	zeppelin _s
zeroed	v	zero _ed
zeroes	n	zero _s
zeroes	v	zero _es
zeroing	v	zero _ing
zeros	n	zero _s
zeros	v	zero _es
zests	n	zest _s
zetas	n	zeta _s
zigzagged	v	zigzag _ed
zigzagging	v	zigzag _ing
zigzags	n	zigzag _s
zigzags	v	zigzag _es
zillions	n	zillion _s
zingers	n	zinger _s
zings	n	zing _s
zinnias	n	zinnia _s
zipped	v	zip _ed
zipper	a	zip _er
zipper	n	zip _er
zippered	v	zip _er _ed
zippering	v	zipper _ing
zippers	n	zip _er _s
zippers	v	zipper _es
zipping	v	zip _ing
zippy	a	zip _y
zippy	n	zip _y
zips	n	zip _s
zips	v	zip _es
zircons	n	zircon _s
zithers	n	zither _s
zits	n	zit _s
zlotys	n	zloty _s
zodiacal	a	zodiac _al
zodiacs	n	zodiac _s
zombies	n	zombie _s
zonal	a	zone _al
zonal	n	zone _al
zoned	v	zone _ed
zones	n	zone _s
zones	v	zone _es
zoologist	n	zoology _ist
zoologists	n	zoology _ist _s
zoomed	v	zoom _ed
zooming	v	zoom _ing
zooms	n	zoom _s
zooms	v	zoom _es
zoos	n	zoo _s
zucchinis	n	zucchini _s
zygotes	n	zygote _s
